Términos de uso
Política de privacidad

Política de privacidad

Términos de uso

Política de privacidad

SUMMARY OF KIA PRIVACY PRACTICES

Privacy Policy Statement:

KIA is committed to ensuring that your personal information and privacy is protected. The Kia privacy policy (“Privacy Policy” or “Policy”) sets out in detail, with various examples, how KIA collects, uses, shares, transfers, discloses and protects your personal information and meets its lawful obligations to comply with applicable privacy laws in place to protect your personal information

Purpose and Objectives:

The primary objective of the Privacy Policy is to affirm that KIA treats all customer personal information provided to it via this website, in-person interactions, by telephone call, in accordance with applicable privacy laws, this Privacy Policy and/or as you have otherwise expressly consented.

Scope:

The KIA Privacy Policy ensures that KIA and its representatives collect, use, store transfer and disclose Personal Information accessed by this web-site, in person interactions, its call center or otherwise, as necessary to carry out its purposes.

Accountability:

KIA’s Privacy Officer is accountable for managing KIA’s compliance with this Privacy Policy and applicable privacy laws.

Collection of Personal Information

KIA collects personal information about you, your vehicle and your online activities through your verbal and written interactions with it, in person, by telephone, and with its Dealers, third-party service providers, its products and services, its websites and mobile apps, and social media. This policy contains a description of the various types of personal information to which this policy applies, so that you can make an informed decision about consenting to Kia’s use of your personal information.

Use of Personal Information:

KIA uses the personal information collected about you to administer your transactions, warranty claims, surveys, contests, promotions, incentives, customer loyalty and reward programs, respond to your queries, for reporting purposes, recalls, resolving disputes, and for demographical and statistical analysis.

Sharing of Personal Information:

KIA shares personal information with its parent company, affiliates, subsidiaries, Dealers, third-party service providers and business partners, who act on its behalf to fulfill identified purposes. KIA does not disclose information to third parties for their independent use without your consent.

Choices and Consent:

KIA provides you with certain choices over how it may use and share your personal information for marketing and other purposes. You have options to opt out or unsubscribe unless otherwise disclosed to you. The way in which KIA obtains your consent to collect, use, share or disclose your personal information varies, depending upon the sensitivity of the information and applicable privacy law.

Web Tracking Technologies:

KIA may use cookies, pixels and other web tracking technologies on its website, mobile apps, email messages and advertisements to gather information about your website visit to provide you with a more personalized customer experience. You may disable some tracking technologies in your browser settings, but there is currently no ability to opt out of cookie tracking through KIA other than through your browser.

Online Tracking and Advertising:

KIA may partner with third-party advertising companies that use their own web tracking technologies on KIA and non-KIA websites and mobile apps in order to provide you with tailored advertisements on our behalf.

Third-Party Products, Services, Website and Mobile Apps:

When using KIA products, services, website or mobile apps, you may be able to access third party products, services, website and mobile apps that are not controlled by KIA and therefore are not subject to this Policy. KIA and its Dealers are separate legal entities with their own individual privacy policies, practices and processes. For questions about a Dealer’s privacy policies, practices and processes, including opting out of marketing communications from a Dealer, you must contact the Dealer directly.

Safeguarding and Storing Personal Information:

KIA uses physical, organizational and technological measures to protect personal information. As KIA is a global company, personal information may be transferred from one entity to another within the group of companies for processing. Your personal information may be accessible to law enforcement agencies, government agencies, courts, and national security authorities of the foreign jurisdiction where information is transferred. We review our information collection, storage, and processing practices, including physical security measures, to prevent unauthorized access to our systems and to keep up to date with legal and commercial best practices, to keep your personal information safe.

Accuracy, Access and Updates to Personal Information:

KIA will make reasonable efforts to ensure that the personal information collected by it, is accurate, complete and up-to-date as necessary. Upon receiving a written request from you, KIA will inform you of the existence, use, and sharing of your personal information within its control and provide you access to it in accordance with the law. KIA customers are responsible for updating KIA with all address, information and/or ownership changes.

Retention & Disposal of Personal Information:

KIA retains personal information that it has collected for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes identified or as required or permitted by applicable privacy law or its data retention protocols.

Complaints:

KIA will investigate all complaints regarding KIA's compliance with applicable privacy laws.

Changes to this Privacy Policy:

KIA may amend its Privacy Policy from time to time in its sole discretion.

Contact Us

If you have any questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy or KIA’s privacy practices, please contact KIA’s Privacy Officer using the contact information provided at the end of this policy.

PRIVACY POLICY STATEMENT

KIA is committed to ensuring that your personal information and privacy is protected. This Privacy Policy sets out how KIA Canada Inc. (“KIA” or “KCI” or “we” or “our”) collects, uses, shares, and protects the Personal Information that you share with it and how KIA meets its lawful obligations to comply with applicable privacy laws in place to protect your personal information. This Policy sets out how personal information is handled when you purchase a KIA vehicle, products or services and when you use this website and/ or mobile apps.

“Personal Information” (“PI”) consists of information through which a person is identifiable or may be identified through the use of the information alone or in combination with other information. PI is regulated by privacy laws. The types of PI that KIA collects is listed below in the section entitled Collection of Personal Information.

This Policy provides information on KIA’s approach to compliance with applicable laws such as, but not limited to, the Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act (“PIPEDA”) and the Act respecting the protection of personal information in the private sector” in Quebec.

*The KIA UVO Services Privacy Policy applies to collection, use and sharing and protection of information about you and your KIA vehicle when you subscribe to KIA UVO services. UVO is Kia’s infotainment and telematics service.

PURPOSE AND OBJECTIVES

This Privacy Policy summarizes the privacy principles, standards, practices and procedures adopted by KIA affecting Personal Information. The purpose of the Privacy Policy is to facilitate the exercise of due care and compliance with applicable privacy laws and to be transparent with you, the customer, so that you can make informed decisions when consenting to provide your Personal Information.

The primary objective of this Policy is to treat all PI in accordance with (i) applicable laws, (ii) this Privacy Policy and/or (iii) any express consent that you have provided.

One of the various reasons that KIA collects your Personal Information through this website or otherwise, is to provide customers with a customized experience and with relevant information related to KIA’s products or services. The type of PI that KIA may use will vary depending on the method of collection and purpose for which the PI was received.

You must agree with this Privacy Policy in order to share your Personal Information with KIA.

SCOPE

Adherence to this Privacy Policy and or its principles applies to all KIA employees and non-employees, such as contractors and consultants, who have been granted access and/or deal with your PI in the course of business activities with/or for KIA. The Privacy Policies ensures that KIA collects, uses, stores and discloses PI as necessary to carry out its purposes whenever you transact with KIA and provide PI to KIA. Confidential Personal Information is collected or retained for legitimate business purposes only and only the minimum amount of personal information that is required for the purpose.

KIA employees and certain contractors and/or Suppliers with access to KIA on-line networks or other KIA systems (apps and websites) that grant access to PI may have supplemental privacy terms applicable to them.

This Policy does not apply to (i) personal information collected by KIA in its capacity as an employer (ii) business contact information (name, title, business address, business telephone number, business email address of an employee of an organization) collected in the course of business dealings; or (iii) certain publicly available information.

Some features of the services may permit you to submit or post ideas, photographs, user profiles, writings, music, video, audio recordings, computer graphics, pictures, data, questions, comments, suggestions, or other content, including Personal Information (collectively, “User Content”). We or others may reproduce, publish, distribute, or otherwise use User Content online or offline in any current or future media or format. Others may have access to this User Content and may have the ability to share it with other third parties. Please note that KIA does not control who will have access to the information that you choose to make public, and cannot ensure that parties who have access to such publicly available information will respect your privacy or keep it secure. So, please think carefully before sharing User Content, particularly if it includes Personal Information.

This KIA website may ask you for certain Personal Information, such as, but not limited to, your contact information, for the purpose of sending you product brochures or promotional materials and facilitating the provision of certain services such as booking a test drive with one of our authorized KIA Dealers or to assist you in applying for one of KIA’s financing or lease programs. Information such as your name, mailing address, e-mail address, and any additional information you provide, may be collected by KIA and used to process your request. If you have subscribed for email communications from KIA and wish to unsubscribe, you may send us an email to: privacy@kia.ca or call us at 1.877.542.2886 or you may unsubscribe at the www.kia.ca landing page. Be advised that if you unsubscribe from marketing communications or the like, you may still receive communications from KIA about your vehicle or services with us if you are a KIA customer.

If you are a customer of KIA, the Personal Information that you provided at the time of vehicle purchase or lease and any subsequent Personal Information that you provide through this website or otherwise may be used by KIA to improve its performance and delivery of services to you. KIA may use your PI to notify you of promotional offers or product information, such as KIA newsletters and service reminders. KIA may also use your PI to communicate safety and recall notices; warranty, maintenance information, service, Roadside Assistance programs; and generate statistical and aggregate data that may identify you personally and be used by KIA, its parent company (Kia Company) and any subsidiaries and/ or affiliates. Similarly, to improve delivery of products, services, and information, from time to time, KIA may ask you to participate in vehicle ownership satisfaction surveys either directly or indirectly through marketing companies such as Reevoo or J.D. Power. As well, Kia may engage with other companies that collect customer data for KIA such as: LivePerson and Maritz Research and Rapid RTC., including information (such as postal codes) or anonymized data shared with affiliates, such as Innocean.

By providing your information to KIA, you consent to the use and disclosure of the personal information as herein described. For all other purposes described in this Policy, KIA will retain your PI for as long as it is reasonable necessary for the purposes for which it was collected. This means that KIA may retain your PI for a reasonable period after you stop using a KIA website or App. After this period, your PI will be deleted in compliance with applicable KIA Data Retention policies.

ACCOUNTABILITY

KIA’s Privacy officer is accountable for managing KIA’s Privacy Policy and privacy programs, monitoring compliance, investigations and tracking incidents and breaches, while KIA employees have responsibility for handling Personal Information in compliance with the Policy and may be delegated to act on behalf of the Privacy Officer in select circumstances. All individuals, and organizations identified in this Policy are responsible for familiarizing themselves and complying with this Policy. Each business functional group at Kia is responsible for developing and executing procedures to implement and monitor compliance in accordance with this Policy. KIA employees who handle Personal Information are responsible to:

Follow all KIA policies concerning information handling
Ensure that they adhere to specific handling requirements imposed
Respect the confidentiality of all KIA information and take steps to prevent its unauthorized access, disclosure, loss or destruction
Report to the Privacy Officer, all instances of unauthorized access to or use of KIA information

COLLECTION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION

KIA may collect information about you, your vehicle, and your online activities through your interactions with KIA, its Dealers, third-party service providers, its products and services, this website, mobile apps, and social media. In addition to the information that you provide to KIA expressly, we and our third-party service providers may use technologies that automatically or passively collect certain information about you, including PI when you engage online with KIA (“Usage Information”). This Usage Information may be stored or accessed using a variety of technologies that may be downloaded to your personal computer, browser, laptop, tablet, mobile phone or other Device (a “Device”) whenever you visit or interact with our Services. Although some Usage Information may not identify you or be associated with you, whenever we associate usage Information with Personal Information, we treat the combined information as Personal Information. Usage Information and the types of information that KIA may collect from you is, but is not limited to:

Information that is collected automatically

Your Device functionality (including browser, operating system, hardware, mobile network information)
The type of Device you use to access the services
The content you view immediately before and after you access the services
The online service, if any, that referred you to our services
The areas of our services that you visit and your activities there, including remembering you and your preferences
The time and duration of your engagement with the website;
Your IP address, UDID and other unique identifiers (“Device Identifier”). A Device Identifier is a number that is automatically assigned to your Device used to access the Service, and our computers identify your Device by its Device Identifier
How often you visit the online services; and
Your Device location

Information that is collected from you, such as:

Contact information such as name, address, home, work and mobile telephone numbers, personal and work email addresses
Vehicle information; make, model, model year, colour, mileage, diagnostic trouble codes, previous vehicles owned / leased, Vehicle Identification Number (VIN)
Certain model vehicles may be equipped with data collection technology and with On-Board Diagnostic ports to enhance the safety, quality, performance and convenience of your vehicle
Vehicle transaction information such as the date and terms of your vehicle purchase, lease or finance
Demographic and family information such as date of birth, languages spoken, education history, marital status, spouse name, and number of children most via survey
Professional and other memberships for the purpose of administering incentive programs
Photos, stories and videos for the purpose of administering contests and promotions
Social media content such as username, profile picture, preferences, likes, dislikes, posts and messages
Employment information such as name of employer, salary and responsibility levels
Technical information about your visits to our website and mobile apps such as information about your connected Devices such as mobile phone, computer or tablet, unique Device identifiers, the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet, the name of your Internet service provider, cookies, browser type and version, time zone setting, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform
Other information about your visit to our website and mobile apps such as login and password, the full Uniform Resource Locators (URL) clickstream to, through and from our website and mobile apps (including date and time), products you viewed or searched for, page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information (including scrolling, clicks and mouse-overs) and methods used to browse away from the page).

Personally identifiable information that may be collected from you includes any of the following information containing an individual’s first name or initial and last name (referred to as “confidential personal information”):

Social Security Number
Driver’s license number or motor vehicle department-issued ID
Credit history information
Information regarding an individual’s medical or psychological diagnosis or treatment or health insurance policy or identification numbers or any other information protected under federal or provincial health information privacy laws
Financial account numbers, such as credit card, debit card, and bank account numbers

You should be aware that Kia will not require you to consent to the collection, use of disclosure of your personal information beyond that is necessary in its provision of products and services.

Kia vehicles have some data collection technology, like Event Data Recorders and On-Board Diagnostic Ports which permit for the transmission of information related to vehicle controls (anti-lock braking, tire pressure monitoring) and other monitoring systems. Such information is not removed from the vehicle without owners permitted access, such as at time of servicing or after a collision.

USE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION

KIA may use the information collected about you, your vehicle, and your online activities, for the following purposes:

To administer your purchase, lease or finance of KIA vehicles
To administer warranty claims
To administer incentive programs
To administer surveys, contests and promotions
To administer customer loyalty and reward programs
To market our products and services
To respond to and resolve customer queries and disputes
For demographical and statistical research purposes
For any purpose authorized or required by law
To administer safety and recall notices
To award prizes
To assist Dealers in performing repairs and maintenance to your vehicle
To permit carefully selected third-party providers of products and services related to your current and future vehicles to provide their goods and services to you, such as roadside assistance providers or satellite radio providers
To operate our website and mobile apps and to improve their functionality and user experience
To allow you to participate in the interactive features of our website and mobile apps such as: live-chat, booking test drives, requesting quotes for the purchase of KIA vehicles, calculating the trade-in value of your current vehicle or contacting a Dealer, and to improve their functionality and user experience
To display targeted advertising on our website and mobile apps and on the website of our third-party business partners, and to measure or understand the effectiveness of messages and advertising we serve to you and others

SHARING OF PERSONAL INFORMATION

KIA may share the information it collects about you, your vehicle, and your online activities (as detailed throughout this Policy) for the purposes disclosed and to the following persons and/or in the following circumstances:

KIA’s employees, parent companies, affiliates, and subsidiaries, licensors and partners.
KIA Dealers.
Roadside assistance providers and satellite radio providers.
KIA third-party service providers who act on its behalf to store and process data including Personal Information.
Third-party service providers who provide direct-mail marketing, market research and who administer surveys for KIA
Kia may share your information, publicly or with its affiliates, subsidiaries and parent company in a non-identifiable, aggregated form — for example, to improve operational efficiencies or to determine trends about KIA products and customer preference.
Third-party business partners that require the information to select and serve relevant messages and advertising to you and others such as social networks (Facebook, Instagram, Twitter, YouTube), analytics providers (Google), and search engine providers (Google)
When we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others
To investigate suspected or actual illegal activity
As required or permitted by applicable law such as subpoena, government inquiry or similar legal process or to respond to a legitimate legal request for law enforcement authorities

Except as stated herein, KIA will not disclose your information to third parties for their independent use without your prior consent.

CHOICES AND CONSENT

KIA respects your privacy by providing you with choices with regard to how your personal information is used or shared. You may choose to share your Personal Information with KIA, however, your participation in using this website and providing Personal Information is completely voluntary. The information Kia collects, and how that information is used, with regard to this Kia website, depends on which services you use and how you manage your privacy controls and settings. You may unsubscribe and opt-out of certain communications (namely, those unrelated to services that you have signed up for, like warranty protection) and you may access or update and delete your contact information by contacting our Privacy Officer at the phone number, email address or mailing address provided at the end of this Policy.

For example, you have the ability to unsubscribe from our electronic marketing messages. You may also unsubscribe from receiving other forms of marketing, like requests to participate in surveys. You may unsubscribe by contacting our Privacy Officer.

We cannot block cookies. You must configure your browser to block all cookies from the Kia domain.

To make choices regarding web tracking technologies or interest-based advertising, please see following sections: “Web Tracking Technologies” and “Online Tracking and Advertising.”

The way in which we obtain your consent to collecting, using, or sharing your personal information varies depending upon the sensitivity of the information and applicable privacy law. We may ask for your consent directly, through KIA Dealers or otherwise as necessary.

We will honor specific consents provided to KIA and such consents may be withdrawn or changed at any time, subject to legal or contractual restrictions, by providing reasonable notice to KIA. In appropriate cases, KIA may inform you of any implications of withdrawing your consent.

KIA will not, as a condition of the supply of services, require you to consent to the collection, use, or sharing of your personal information beyond that which KIA requires for the performance or delivery of services.

KIA does not target or knowingly collect information from persons under the age of majority.

WEB TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES

The information that Kia collects, depends on how you use its services.

A cookie is a small piece of information sent by a website that is saved on your Device or computer’s internal storage by your browser in order to collect information about visitors to a website. KIA collects data relating to all visitors to its website.

Kia may use cookies, web beacons, pixel tags and other related web tracking technologies on our website, mobile apps, email messages and advertisements to gather information about your visit such as your language of preference, viewed webpages, links clicked on our website, browsing history and browser type and version. Cookies and pixels are industry-standard technologies used by the majority of commercial website. Software on the KIA website also uses cookies to provide users with an interactive session during their visit. Cookies are also used by our software for load management and database access.

Our website use cookies to distinguish you from other users of our website and mobile apps and allow you to maintain your account login information or contact information on any request form such as requesting a quote or test drive. This allows KIA to provide you with an exceptional customer experience when you use its interactive website and mobile apps and also allows for improved functionality.

Please note that third parties such as KIA’s ad network providers, media-related or analytics services companies, including social media websites, may set and access their own cookies, pixel tags and similar technologies on your browser and they may otherwise collect or have access to information about you as well, over which KIA has no control.

You may block cookies by activating the setting on your browser that allows you to refuse the setting of all or some cookies. However, if you use your browser settings to block cookies, all or parts of this website and mobile apps may not function correctly and your experience on our website and mobile apps may be hindered.

Pixels (as known as web beacons, web bugs, or JavaScript) are tiny graphics with a unique identifier that are used to track your online movements or determine whether you have performed specific actions. Unlike cookies, which are stored on a user's computer or mobile Device hard drive, pixels are small graphics that are embedded invisibly on web pages or in HTML-based messages. When you access our website or open our messages, the pixels generate a notice of that action to us or our third-party business partners and service providers.

ONLINE TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES AND ADVERTISING

KIA may partner with third-party advertising companies that use their own web tracking technologies on KIA and non-KIA website and mobile apps in order to provide you with tailored advertisements on our behalf.

These third-party advertising companies may collect information about your online activity across multiple Devices on KIA and non-KIA website and mobile apps and use this information to make predictions about your preferences and then deliver advertisements on our behalf that are more relevant to you

KIA and its service providers may use the information described above to help make its advertising more relevant to you based on your online behavior, including your browsing and search activities on the KIA website. For example, if you view or search for a particular KIA vehicle, you may see advertising regarding that vehicle on our website, or third party websites. Further, Kia may provide

Please note that, even if you are able to opt-out of certain kinds of advertisements, you will continue to receive non-targeted ads. Further, you may continue to receive targeted content and/or advertisements from parties that do not participate in opt-out programs. Also, if your browsers are configured to reject cookies when you visit the opt-out page, or you subsequently erase your cookies, use a different Device or web browser, or use a non-browser-based method of access, your opt-out may not, or may no longer, be effective. KIA is not responsible for the effectiveness of, or compliance with, any third-parties' opt-out options or programs or the accuracy of their statements regarding their programs. For information about your ability to opt-out, please visit: http://youradchoices.ca/choices/ .

KIA uses certain Google Analytics features to collect information about use of this website, but does not combine the information collected through the use of Google Analytics with PI. You can prevent Google Analytics and other cookies from recognizing you on return visits by disabling the cookies on your browser, and you can opt out of Google Analytics and customize Google Display Network ads using the Ads Settings ( https://www.google.com/settings/ads).

THIRD PARTY PRODUCTS, SERVICS, WEBSITE AND MOBILE APPS

When using KIA products, services, website or mobile apps, you may be able to access third party products, services, website and mobile apps that are not controlled by KIA and therefore not subject to this Policy. Please review carefully the privacy policies of third-party products, services, website and mobile apps before providing any personal information.

You may have the opportunity to receive information or marketing offers directly from unaffiliated third parties. If you agree to receive the communications, your Personal Information will be disclosed to those third parties and all information you disclose will be subject to their privacy policies and practices. KIA is not responsible for the privacy policies and practices of those third parties. You should review the privacy policies and practices of such third parties prior to agreeing to receive such information from them. If you later decide that you no longer want to receive communications from a third party, you will need to contact that third party directly.

KIA and its Dealers are separate legal entities with their own privacy policies. For questions about a Dealer’s privacy policy, including opting out of marketing communications from a Dealer, please contact the Dealer directly. When you purchase or lease a vehicle or obtain service for your vehicle from a Dealer, the Dealer will share your information with KIA. While KIA encourages Dealers to ensure their privacy policies are up-to-date and compliant with applicable privacy law, KIA is not responsible for its Dealers’ compliance with applicable privacy law.

KIA may offer sweepstakes, contests, and other promotions (each, a “Promotion”) through services that may require registration. By participating in a Promotion, you are agreeing to official rules that govern that Promotion, which may contain specific requirements such as allowing the sponsor of the Promotion to use your name, voice, or likeness in advertising or marketing associated with the Promotion. If you choose to enter a Promotion, Personal Information may be disclosed to third parties or the public in connection with the administration of such Promotion, including, in connection with winner selection, prize fulfillment, and as required by law or permitted by the Promotion’s official rules.

SAFEGUARDING AND STORING PERSONAL INFORMATION

KIA protects Personal Information within its control by establishing reasonable security safeguards against loss, theft, and unauthorized access or disclosure. Your information is not sold, given or disclosed to any third parties except as contemplated in this Policy.

Because KIA and its parent company, Kia Corporation are global companies with locations in many different countries, KIA may transfer or process your information from one legal entity to another (among its parent company, affiliates, and subsidiaries) from one country to another within the group of companies in order to accomplish the purposes listed throughout this Policy or shared with you prior. KIA may transfer information outside of Canada including but not limited to, the United States, the United Kingdom or European Economic Area and Asia for processing by its parent company specifically in South Korea, its affiliates, subsidiaries and /or third-party service providers. KIA uses contractual and other means to ensure the information is protected while in foreign jurisdictions. However, personal information may be still accessible to law enforcement agencies, government agencies, courts, and national security authorities of the foreign jurisdiction.

ACCURACY, ACCESS AND UPDATES TO PERSONAL INFORMATION

KIA makes reasonable efforts to ensure that the Personal Information that is has on file is accurate, complete and up-to-date as necessary for the purposes for which it is to be used, including information that is shared with third parties and information that is used to make a decision about an individual. To ensure that you stay up-to date on recall and or safety notices, it is imperative for you to update your PI on file with KIA and signal any changes in address or to contact information and/or ownership changes as soon as possible.

You have a general right to access your personal information in KIA possession or custody. Upon receiving a written request from you, and upon verifying your identity, KIA will inform you of the existence, use, and sharing of your personal information and give you access to your personal information. KIA will respond to written access requests within 30 days or will inform you if additional time is required to respond to your request. KIA reserves the right to charge a minimal handling fee for processing requests. KIA may refuse or not be able to provide you with access to certain information in certain circumstances and will inform you if this is the case.

You may question the accuracy and completeness of your Personal Information and request that amendments be made as appropriate. If you demonstrate in a reasonable manner the inaccuracy or incompleteness of your Personal Information, KIA will amend the information as required. If a request is not resolved to your satisfaction, we will record the substance of the unresolved request. Where appropriate, the amended information or the existence of the unresolved request will be transmitted to third parties having access to the information in question, should it be required.

To make an access request for your personal information, please contact KIA’s Privacy Officer.

RENTENTION AND DISPOSAL OF PERSONAL INFORMATION

Retention of Personal Information regarding consumers shall be in accordance with relevant laws, regulations, and contractual obligations related to such information and in compliance with KIA’s data retention policies, as applicable.

KIA keeps information collected for as long as necessary to fulfill the determined purposes or as required or permitted by applicable privacy law. KIA shall retain personal information which has been used to make a decision about an individual long enough (for at least one year after using it) to reasonably allow the individual access to the information after the decision, and to exhaust any access request or challenge the individual may bring under applicable privacy law. KIA will securely destroy, deleted or anonymize personal information that is no longer required, wherein possible, however we must advise you that there could be delays if deletion is requested in some instances, between when copies are deleted from our active files and backup systems.

KIA safely disposes PI when the information is no longer needed or its retention period has expired, or the information is no longer required to be retained as directed by the KIA Legal Department and/or pursuant to a records hold.

Records and information shall be retained if: (i) according to the data retention policy, the retention period has not expired and the records and information are not otherwise required to be deleted pursuant to applicable laws, regulations, and contractual obligations; and/or (ii) The KIA Legal Department has so been instructed.

COMPLAINTS

Upon request, KIA will provide information regarding its procedure for addressing any complaints made with respect to its compliance with privacy laws. It will investigate all written complaints, and if it finds or deems a complaint to be justified, it will take the appropriate measures, including, if necessary, amending its policies and practices.

Information security incidents are immediately reported to the Privacy Officer and the Legal Department in order to execute the incident management processes in a timely manner.

CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY

KIA reviews its policies and practices periodically to ensure they are relevant, up-to-date and in compliance with applicable privacy law. Accordingly, KIA may amend this Policy from time to time and the revised Policy will be posted to www.kia.ca effective as of the revised date stated on the revised Policy. Please review this Policy regularly.

CONTACT US

If you have any questions or concerns regarding this Policy or KIA’s privacy practices, wish to make a complaint, make an access to privacy request, request a correction, addition, update or deletion of your personal information, please contact:

KIA's Privacy Officer at:

Privacy OfficerKIA CANADA INC.180 Foster CrescentMississauga, Ontario L5R 4J5Telephone: 1.877.542.2886Email: privacy@kia.ca

Last updated February 1, 2020