Legal Notice / Disclaimer

Disclaimers

By entering this site, you agree and acknowledge that you have read, understand and accept the legal terms and conditions stated herein. Any references to “this site” or “the site” refer to the Hyundai Auto Canada Corp. (“Hyundai”) website being hyundaicanada.com, or to the applicable related website that Hyundai owns, operates, or controls (i.e. Certified Pre-Owed, Hyundai Tire Finder, Engine Recall Information, and Parts and Accessories), which you were on before you clicked the “Legal” icon and were redirected here.
You may review these terms and conditions by clicking the "Legal” icon that is found throughout this site. You are encouraged to review these terms each time you access this site as they may change from time to time, without notice.

Site Content

This site contains information regarding Hyundai and its products and promotional programs. The vehicles, parts, and accessories described in this site contain uniquely Canadian specifications and equipment and are offered for sale only in Canada. Promotional programs described in this site are only available in those provinces and territories of Canada specifically referred to within the description of the program. All pricing information referred to in this site is in Canadian dollars.
For vehicles, the MSRP's (manufacturer's suggested retail price) listed in this site exclude any applicable taxes and any title, freight, license and registration charges. Actual price may vary. A Hyundai dealer is free to set its own retail prices and will not suffer in any way should the dealer choose to sell at a price less than those posted on this site.
For parts and accessories that are available for purchase online on Hyundai's Parts and Accessories website, the retail prices are as posted on this site, plus any applicable taxes and fees, for any purchases completed online.

Notice

Information contained in this site is believed to be current and accurate, however, Hyundai reserves the right to modify the information from time to time without notice, including, but not limited to, information regarding prices, models, equipment, specifications, availability, materials, and parts. Hyundai does not assume any responsibility for the accuracy, completeness or authenticity of any information contained in this site.

This site may contain links to other websites, which are not owned, operated, or controlled by Hyundai. Hyundai makes no representation or warranty as to the accuracy, completeness, or authenticity of any information contained in any such linked website, including the website’s privacy statements or data handling practices. Any link to any other person or entity’s website should not in any manner be construed as endorsement by Hyundai of such person or entity's website, products or services.
The information contained in this site is protected by copyright. You may only use the information, text images, sounds, video or graphics contained in this site (hereinafter collectively referred to as “content”) for your personal use and may not reproduce, distribute, modify, transfer, create derivatives works of, adapt or publish the content on this site in whole or in part for any purpose without the express written consent of Hyundai. The selection, organization and arrangement of all information on this site is subject to copyright and intellectual property protection.

By entering this site you acknowledge and agree that any name, logo, slogan, trade-mark, or service mark contained on this site is owned or licensed by Hyundai and may not be used by you without prior written approval. Hyundai will aggressively enforce its intellectual property rights to the full extent of the law. Information, text, sounds, videos, graphics, charts, or images of places, people, or products are either property of Hyundai or used on this site with permission. Your use of any of these materials is prohibited unless specifically provided for on this site. Any unauthorized use of these materials may subject you to penalties or damages, including but not limited to those related to violation of intellectual property law (including, but not limited to, trade-mark and copyright law), privacy law and publicity rights.

WITH REGARD TO ANY CONTESTS ADVERTISED WITHIN THIS SITE, PLEASE DO NOT ENTER IF YOU ARE NOT LOCATED IN CANADA. ANY ENTRIES FROM OUTSIDE CANADA WILL BE AUTOMATICALLY DISQUALIFIED. THERE IS NO PURCHASE NECESSARY TO ENTER ANY CONTESTS ADVERTISED ON THIS SITE. SEE OFFICIAL RULES OF THE RELEVANT CONTESTS ON THIS SITE FOR FULL DETAILS. ANY AND ALL INFORMATION CONTAINED HEREIN, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, INFORMATION REGARDING AUTOMOBILES, AUTOMOBILE SERVICES, PARTS AND ACCESSORIES APPLIES ONLY TO THOSE PROVIDED OR OFFERED WITHIN CANADA.

Use of This Site

With respect to vehicles, all of the information contained in this site is for information purposes only and in no way constitutes an offer to buy or sell Hyundai brand vehicles from Hyundai or Hyundai Financial Services.

This site shall not be used or relied upon by you as a substitute for information that is available to you from an authorized Hyundai automobile dealer with respect to vehicles. Where in conflict with information supplied by this site with respect to vehicles, a Hyundai dealer's information shall be deemed correct. Hyundai shall not be responsible for any detrimental reliance you may place on this site or its contents whatsoever. You agree that use of this site is at your own risk.

Representations and Warranties

Although the specifications, features, illustrations, equipment and other information contained in this site are based upon up-to-date information, and while Hyundai makes all reasonable efforts to ensure that all material on this site is correct, accuracy cannot be guaranteed and Hyundai makes no warranties or representations as to its accuracy. This site, and all information and materials contained herein, is provided to you "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.

There may be statements made which are intended to identify future products or services not currently available. Where applicable, we will use our best efforts to alert you to these future products or services, however, there may be external factors beyond our control that materially affect the delivery of these to you, such as changes in currency, new products, economic or business conditions. In these circumstances, Hyundai disclaims its obligation to provide these products or services.

Limitation of Liability

Hyundai disclaims any liability for damages that may be occasioned or sustained by you through access to, use of, or browsing of this site or through your downloading or use of any materials, information, data, text, sounds, videos, graphics or images from the site including, but not limited to, anything caused by any virus, bug, interruption, defect, malfunction, error, omission, failure, unauthorized access, alteration or delay.

Products posted on this site are made available only where permitted by law.

Lease/Financing

Some lease options which may be mentioned within this site are not available in all areas of Canada. See your local Hyundai dealer for complete details of the Hyundai programs, as well as leasing options or any automobile warranties or guarantees mentioned within this site.

Hyundai and Hyundai Financial Services incentives, such as low interest rates, are only available through the Hyundai dealer. Qualification for any programs will be determined by that dealer and you must see that dealer to determine credit worthiness. Additional regional incentives may apply in your area and may lower your cost.

Changes to this Legal Notice/Disclaimer

We reserve the right to modify this Legal Notice/Disclaimer at any time and at our sole discretion, without notice. Changes to this Legal Notice/Disclaimer will be effective immediately on posting to this site. You agree to review this Legal Notice/Disclaimer on each visit to this site to inform yourself of any such modifications. You agree to be bound by any such modifications.