302278259.2 VERSION 10.0 YOU MUST REVIEW AND ACCEPT THE TERMS OF THIS KIA CONNECT AND DIGITAL FEATURES PRIVACY POLICY AND CONSENT TO OUR COLLECTION, USE AND SHARING OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION AS DESCRIBED HEREIN. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH ANY PART OF THIS KIA CONNECT AND DIGITAL FEATURES PRIVACY POLICY, THEN PLEASE DO NOT REGISTER FOR, ACTIVATE, ACCESS OR USE THE KIA CONNECT SERVICES OR DIGITAL FEATURES, THE KIA CONNECT SYSTEM OR THE DIGITAL FEATURE SYSTEM, OR THE KIA CONNECT PORTAL OR THE KIA CONNECT APP. KIA CONNECT AND DIGITAL FEATURES PRIVACY POLICY [effective: January 25, 2024] Thank you for choosing Kia. Your privacy is important to Kia Canada Inc. (“ Kia ”, “ our ”, “ us ” or “ we ”). This Kia Connect and Digital Features Privacy Policy (this “ Privacy Policy ”) explains how we collect, use, share and protect your personal information and Vehicle data (collectively, your “ Information ”) when you register for, activate, access or use any of the following: • “ Kia Connect Services ” – which are the bundle of remote features and connected vehicle technology available to support your Vehicle; • “ Kia Connect System ” – which is the embedded telematics device installed in your Vehicle as more particularly described in the Kia Connect and Digital Features User Terms and all other hardware equipment used to provide Kia Connect Services that is located in your Vehicle and all corresponding software and applications; • “ Digital Features ” – which are certain digital features or “features on demand” that complement the Kia Connect Services or otherwise support the functionality of your Vehicle; • “ Digital Feature System ” – which is the hardware equipment used to provide Digital Features that is located in your Vehicle and all corresponding software and applications; • “ Kia Connect Portal ” – which is an online portal that may be accessed via https://kiaconnect.ca/login pursuant to which you may register for and subsequently access your Kia Connect account; or • “ Kia Connect App ” – which is the Kia Connect mobile app pursuant to which you may access certain features of the Kia Connect Services. As used in this Privacy Policy, the terms “ you ” and “ your ” refers to any person or entity that purchases or leases a vehicle manufactured by Kia that is equipped with the Kia Connect System or the Digital Feature System, including as part of a fleet (the “ Vehicle ”), and/or any person that registers for, activates, accesses or uses the Kia Connect Services or Digital Features, the Kia Connect System or the Digital Feature System, or the Kia Connect Portal or the Kia Connect App, including without limitation, as a driver or occupant of the Vehicle.

302278259.2 1. WHAT IS PERSONAL INFORMATION? Generally, Canadian privacy laws define “ personal information ” as information about an identifiable individual. It includes information that on its own or combined with other pieces of data, can identify an individual. 2. CONSENT You consent to this Privacy Policy and to our collection, use, sharing, storage and other handling of your Information as described in this Privacy Policy when you register for, activate, access or use the Kia Connect Services or Digital Features, the Kia Connect System or the Digital Feature System, or the Kia Connect Portal or the Kia Connect App. You may withdraw your consent at any time to our use of your Information for the Non-Essential Purposes (as defined in Section 4 below). You may also withdraw your consent at any time to our use of your Information for the Essential Purposes (as defined in Section 4 below) however, if you do so, then you will be required to cancel your Kia Connect Services or Digital Features, deactivate your Kia Connect Portal account, uninstall the Kia Connect App, and you will no longer be able to access or use the Kia Connect System or the Digital Feature System. We do not require your consent to use your Information for the Legally Permissible Purposes (as defined in Section 4). 3. TYPES OF INFORMATION WE MAY COLLECT We may collect your Information as described below. We limit the amount and type of information that we collect to that which is necessary for our purposes as described in this Privacy Policy. We do not intentionally collect any personal information of individuals below the age of 16 or other statutory age of majority in the jurisdiction of residence. (a) Registration and Subscription Information When you register for the Kia Connect Portal and subscribe for the Kia Connect Services or Digital Features, we may collect the following Information directly from you: • Your name, address, email address, telephone number; • Login information; • Emergency contact information; • Vehicle Identification Number (VIN); • The date of purchase or lease of your Vehicle, and your selling and preferred Kia dealer; • Your subscription choices and payment information such as credit card number(s) and other billing information; and • Your notification and other preferences.

302278259.2 When you register for and activate only the emergency features of the Kia Connect Services including Automatic Collision Notification and Assistance, SOS Emergency Assistance, and Enhanced Roadside Assistance (collectively, the “ Kia Connect Emergency Services ”), using the on-screen menu in your Vehicle, we will collect only your login information directly from you. (b) Vehicle and Driver Information Your Vehicle comes with a data communication module (“ DCM ”) that enables the wireless / GPS technology described in the Kia Connect and Digital Features User Terms and allows for the collection of your Information (e.g. location, vehicle health and driving data). Accordingly, when using your Vehicle, certain Kia Connect Services automatically (or passively) collect, store, and transmit to us information about you and your Vehicle, including the following: (i) Vehicle data such as: • VIN; • Model; • Model year; • Trim; and • Engine type. (ii) Information about your Vehicle’s operation, performance and condition, such as: • Diagnostic trouble codes; • Freeze frame data; • Tire pressure; • Battery voltage; • Coolant temperature; • Oil temperature; • Oil life remaining; • Service requirements; • Odometer reading; • Fuel level, refuel indication, and date of refuel activity; and • EV Battery Status – charge level, range, charging status. (iii) Eco-related driving performance data per trip, such as: • Fuel consumption; and • Vehicle greenhouse gas emissions. (iv) Driver behaviour and geolocation information, such as:

302278259.2 • The precise geographic location of your Vehicle; • Ignition start and stop times; • Actual or approximate speed of your Vehicle and top speed; • Average rpm; • Direction and time of travel; • Driving distance and total time driven; • Cruise control status; • Seatbelt use; and • Information about collisions involving your Vehicle and which airbags have deployed. (v) Information about your use of the Kia Connect Services and the Kia Connect System (whether in- vehicle or via the Kia Connect Portal or the Kia Connect App), such as: • Your chosen points of interest for navigation; • Search content; • Your use of remote services such as Remote Start/Stop with Climate Control, Remote Door Unlock/Lock, Remote Horn & Lights, etc.; • Information about individuals making a Kia Connect call from the Vehicle including the date, time and duration of such calls (which are recorded). See section (f) below for more details; • Whether you have paired a mobile device with your Vehicle; and • Some Kia Connect Services use GPS (or other location-based services) to locate you so that we may verify your exact location and deliver relevant content based on your location. (c) Cookies and Similar Automatic Data Collection Technologies We use cookies and other similar automatic data collection technologies in the Kia Connect Portal and the Kia Connect App to (i) operate the Kia Connect Portal and the Kia Connect App; (ii) provide you with personalized content; and (iii) provide you with information and offers that may be of interest to you. Cookies are small text files that are stored on your computer or mobile device by a website in order to remember information about your browsing history or your device when you return to that website. Other similar automatic tracking technologies are web beacons, embedded scripts, and entity tags. Through our use of cookies and other similar tracking technologies, we may automatically (or passively) collect the following Information: • Information about your device used to access Kia Connect Services including, but not limited to, your Internet Protocol (IP) address or other device identifier, and the general geographic location associated with your IP address (known as geolocation), your device functionality (including browser, operating system, hardware and mobile network information); and

302278259.2 • Information about your use of the Kia Connect Portal or the Kia Connect App including the time and length of your visit, the pages you visit, the site you visited before coming to ours, the name of your Internet service provider, how users interact with the Kia Connect Services, whether you viewed our emails or other electronic communications, and other similar information. You may choose to disable the use of cookies or other similar automatic data collection technologies, though this may prevent the Kia Connect Portal , the Kia Connect App, and the Kia Connect System from functioning properly or as designed. Our Service Providers providing analytics may use technology to track your device’s interactions with Kia Connect Services. For example, we may use Adobe’s analytics and on-site personalization services. See http://www.adobe.com/privacy/analytics.html for more information. To learn about opting out of the use of Adobe cookies for analytics and on-site personalization, visit Adobe’s website at http://www.adobe.com/privacy/opt-out.html . If you opt out of the use of Adobe cookies for analytics and on- site personalization, Adobe will no longer collect and analyze information via cookies associated with your browser for these services. When you opt out, Adobe will place opt-out cookies on your browser. If you delete cookies, change browsers, or change devices, you will need to repeat this opt-out process. (d) Conversations with Customer Support Representatives and Emergency Responders When you interact with us to receive emergency support, customer support or other forms of customer service regarding your Kia Connect Services or Digital Features, the Kia Connect System or the Digital Feature System, or the Kia Connect Portal or the Kia Connect App, we and our Service Providers or third- party emergency responders may collect the information that you provide during these interactions. This type of information may include, but is not limited to, your name and contact information, Kia Connect Portal information, Vehicle information, and details about the reason for your outreach. If you contact us by telephone or from the Kia Connect System, our calls may be recorded, and we will attempt to notify you of our recordings at the beginning of each call. SPECIAL NOTICE REGARDING PHOTOGRAPHIC IMAGES: The Surround View Monitor feature of the Kia Connect Services allows you to capture photographic images from the mirrors on all 4 sides of your Vehicle, along with a bird’s eye view. You may take up to 3 images per day and view up to 45 images per month. Your photographic images may intentionally or unintentionally capture the image of people that are within view of your Vehicle’s 360° camera monitoring system. These photographic images belong to you. KIA DOES NOT COLLECT PHOTOGRAPHIC IMAGES OF YOU, OTHER DRIVERS AND OCCUPANTS OF YOUR VEHICLE, OR ANYONE ELSE. EXCEPT AS OTHERWISE PROVIDED UNDER THE LAWS OF YOUR PROVINCE OR TERRITORY INCLUDING QUEBEC , WE ARE NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR YOUR COLLECTION OF THESE PHOTOGRAPHIC IMAGES.

302278259.2 SPECIAL NOTICES REGARDING BIOMETRIC DATA: You may enable fingerprint or facial recognition technology on your mobile device to access your Kia Connect App and enable certain remote features of the Kia Connect Services, such as Remote Start/Stop with Climate Control, Remote Door Unlock/Lock, Remote Horn & Lights, Remote Vehicle Status, Heated/Ventilated Seat + Steering Wheel Heat and Find My Car. KIA DOES NOT HAVE ACCESS TO YOUR BIOMETRIC DATA AND THEREFORE KIA DOES NOT COLLECT, USE, SHARE, STORE, PROTECT OR OTHERWISE HANDLE THIS DATA. This data is stored within your mobile device. Please see the privacy notices of your mobile device manufacturer for information regarding your use of fingerprint or facial recognition technology on your mobile device. EXCEPT AS OTHERWISE PROVIDED UNDER THE LAWS OF YOUR PROVINCE OR TERRITORY INCLUDING QUEBEC , WE ARE NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR YOUR USE OF YOUR MOBILE DEVICE’S FINGERPRINT OR FACIAL RECOGNITION TECHNOLOGY. You may enable fingerprint recognition technology within your Vehicle to access certain Digital Features. If you choose to enable fingerprint recognition technology in your Vehicle, this feature will take and store a scan of your fingerprint in the hardware equipment or other physical components of the Digital Feature System, which is then linked to your profile. KIA DOES NOT HAVE ACCESS TO THE SCAN OF YOUR FINGERPRINT AND THEREFORE KIA DOES NOT COLLECT, USE, SHARE, STORE, PROTECT OR OTHERWISE HANDLE THIS BIOMETRIC DATA. This data is stored within the hardware equipment or other physical components of the Digital Feature System, which are owned or leased by the owner or lessee of the Vehicle, respectively. EXCEPT AS OTHERWISE PROVIDED UNDER THE LAWS OF YOUR PROVINCE OR TERRITORY INCLUDING QUEBEC , WE ARE NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR THE LOSS OR MISUSE OF, OR THE UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO, THE SCAN OF YOUR FINGERPRINT IN THE HARDWARE EQUIPMENT OR OTHER PHYSICAL COMPONENTS OF THE DIGITAL FEATURE SYSTEM. SPECIAL NOTICE REGARDING IDENTIFICATION, PROFILING AND LOCATION TRACKING: To activate the features of the Kia Connect Services that allow you to be identified, profiled or have your location tracked, you must complete the registration process for the Kia Connect Services as described in the Kia Connect and Digital Features User Terms following which, the Kia Connect Services will be turned on. 4. HOW WE MAY USE INFORMATION

302278259.2 We will only use your Information in ways that are consistent with the context in which they were collected including for the following essential purposes (collectively, the “ Essential Purposes ”): • To provide you with the Kia Connect Services or Digital Features, the Kia Connect System or the Digital Feature System, or the Kia Connect Portal or the Kia Connect App, and any updates thereto; • To respond to a possible emergency or other situation requiring urgent attention arising from the Kia Connect Emergency Services; • To enable you to register for Kia Connect Services or Digital Features via the Kia Connect Portal ; • To deliver software updates to the Kia Connect System, the Digital Feature System and the Kia Connect App; • To diagnose or troubleshoot your Vehicle systems including the Kia Connect System and Digital Feature System; • To notify you about your Kia Connect account and subscriptions to the Kia Connect Services or Digital Features; • To notify you about important safety-related information, such as recalls and service alerts; • To respond to your inquiries regarding the Kia Connect Services or Digital Features, the Kia Connect System or the Digital Feature System, or the Kia Connect Portal or the Kia Connect App; • To ensure the safety and security of the Kia Connect Services and Digital Features, the Kia Connect System and the Digital Feature System, the Kia Connect Portal and the Kia Connect App; • To safeguard your Information; • To conduct research or analysis for the Kia Connect Services and Digital Features, the Kia Connect System or the Digital Feature System, the Kia Connect Portal or the Kia Connect App, vehicles, vehicle safety and security. We may use your Information for the following non-essential purposes (collectively, the “ Non-Essential Purposes ”): • To customize and personalize your experience within the Kia Connect Portal and the Kia Connect App; • To improve products and services or develop new offerings associated with the Kia Connect Services or Digital Features, the Kia Connect System or the Digital Feature System, the Kia Connect Portal or the Kia Connect App, vehicles, vehicle safety, security, or transportation infrastructure; • To send you promotional communications regarding the Kia Connect Services and Digital Features. We may use your Information without your knowledge and consent for the following purposes (collectively, the “ Legally Permissible Purposes ”): • To detect and prevent fraud and criminal activity; • To act in respect of an emergency that threatens the life, health or security of an individual; • To protect the safety, property, or rights of you, Kia, vehicle owners or others, as required by law;

302278259.2 • In any other way we may describe to you when you provide your Information to us; • For any other purpose with your consent; and • As otherwise may be permitted or required by law. 5. HOW WE MAY SHARE INFORMATION We may share or disclose your Information as follows: (a) To Our Service Providers and Affiliated Companies: We share Information with our affiliated companies and Service Providers that we use to support our business, including those that help us: (i) provide you with the Kia Connect Services or Digital Features, the Kia Connect System or the Digital Feature System, or the Kia Connect Portal or the Kia Connect App; (ii) deliver advertising to you; (iii) provide or evaluate the Kia Connect Services and Digital Features and related products and services; or (iv) operate our business. Our agreements with these affiliated companies and Service Providers require them to use your Information only as necessary to assist us with the purposes described above in accordance with this Privacy Policy. (b) Emergency Service Providers and Law Enforcement: We may share Information with emergency service providers like the police, ambulance providers, roadside assistance providers, or other similar emergency service providers that help us to deliver the Kia Connect Services to you. (c) Kia Dealers: With your additional consent, we may share Information with your preferred Kia dealer or other Kia dealers to assist in servicing your Vehicle or for marketing purposes. (d) Your Independent Vehicle Repair and Service Providers: With your additional consent, we may share Information collected by the Kia Connect System's diagnostic tools with independent repair businesses you choose to provide you with repair, maintenance and other services related to your Vehicle. (e) To Defend Our Rights or Comply with the Law: We may disclose your Information to (i) comply with any court order, law or legal process, including to respond to any government or regulatory request; (ii) protect and defend our rights or property; or (iii) protect the rights, property or safety of Kia, our affiliates, our customers or others. (f) In the Event of a Change of Control: In the event that Kia is involved in a transaction such as a merger, stock purchase or sale, or sale of the Kia assets to which your Information pertains, we may transfer the Information to the other party in such transaction and in accordance with applicable law. The party to which your Information is transferred will be required to adhere to the same privacy practices as those described in this Privacy Policy.

302278259.2 6. HOW WE SECURE INFORMATION We employ industry standard data security measures that include technical, administrative, and physical safeguards designed to protect the security, confidentiality and integrity of your Information. For example, we use encryption technologies to protect data at rest and in transit and we only provide access to your Information to our employees on a need to know basis. We may transfer your Information outside the Province of Quebec and/or outside Canada, including to the United States and South Korea, for processing and storage by us or our Service Providers. We use contractual and other means to ensure your Information is protected while in the foreign jurisdiction, however, your Information may be still accessible to law enforcement agencies, government agencies, courts, and national security authorities of the foreign jurisdiction. CONSUMER PROTECTION LAWS IN SOME JURISDICTIONS, SUCH AS QUEBEC, DO NOT ALLOW FOR THE LIMITATIONS OR EXCLUSIONS OF CERTAIN LIABILITIES. IF THESE LAWS APPLY TO YOU, ANY OR ALL OF THE FOLLOWING MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU: The security of your Information transmitted through wireless carriers or the Internet cannot be guaranteed. We are not responsible for any interception or interruption of any communications transmitted through wireless carriers or the Internet or for changes to or losses of data. If you use the Kia Connect Services or Digital Features, the Kia Connect System or the Digital Feature System, or the Kia Connect Portal or the Kia Connect App, you are responsible for maintaining the security of any password, user ID or other form of authentication involved in obtaining access. 7. HOW LONG WE KEEP INFORMATION We keep your Information as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes for which it was collected as described in this Privacy Policy or as otherwise required or permitted by law, in accordance with our record retention policies. After the applicable retention period expires, your Information may be deleted and may not be retrievable. Alternatively, where permitted by law, we may de-identify or anonymize your Information, in accordance with legal requirements, if any, and retain it indefinitely for study or research purposes or for any other purpose permitted by law. 8. YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS You have certain rights pursuant to applicable privacy laws regarding your Information including, but not limited to, the right to: • Withdraw your consent to the communication or any of the uses of your Information as described above. As explained in Section 2 above, if you withdraw your consent to our use of your Information for the Essential Purposes, then you will be required to cancel your Kia Connect Services or Digital Features,

302278259.2 deactivate your Kia Connect Portal account, uninstall the Kia Connect App, and you will no longer be able to access or use the Kia Connect System or the Digital Feature System; • Access your Information that we have on file about you, discuss the accuracy and/or completeness of your Information, and have your Information rectified or corrected; • Request information regarding the processing of your Information including asking questions about our policies or practices regarding our use of Service Providers; and • Lodge a complaint about our privacy practices. If you wish to exercise any of these rights or any other rights granted to you by applicable privacy laws, you may do so by contacting our Privacy Officer, who is the person in charge of the protection of personal information for Kia, using the contact information provided in Section 13 below. You may also update certain of your Information directly on the “My Account” page via the Kia Connect Portal . 9. YOUR OBLIGATIONS TO DRIVERS AND OCCUPANTS OF YOUR VEHICLE The Kia Connect Services and Digital Features may allow you to remotely monitor information about your Vehicle’s location and conditions, even if someone other than you is driving or occupying your Vehicle. Accordingly, if you own or lease your Vehicle and anyone else uses your Vehicle, or if you sell or transfer possession of your Vehicle to another person, you must tell that person that the Kia Connect Services or Digital Features, and the Kia Connect System or the Digital Feature System, are active on your Vehicle and describe their features and limitations, and tell that person to read this Privacy Policy (as it will apply to them). You are responsible for any failure on your part to inform anyone else who uses, acquires or leases your Vehicle that the Kia Connect Services or Digital Features, and the Kia Connect System or the Digital Feature System, are active on your Vehicle and that they should read this Privacy Policy (as it will apply to them). It is possible that the Kia Connect System or the Digital Feature System in your Vehicle may be active before you register for the Kia Connect Services or Digital Features, respectively (such as with the test drive of a Vehicle or the purchase of a used Vehicle). If you occupy a Vehicle that already has an active Kia Connect System or Digital Feature System, then we may generate Information about you and the Vehicle as described in this Privacy Policy when you occupy the Vehicle. Further, the holder of the Kia Connect account associated with the active Kia Connect System or Digital Feature System in the Vehicle will have access to certain of the features of the Kia Connect Services including Find My Car, which would allow the Kia Connect account holder to remotely monitor your Vehicle’s location. If you are the purchaser of a used Vehicle, please contact us at the contact information provided in Section 13 below to ensure that the previous owner’s Kia Connect account is no longer associated with your Vehicle. 10. KIA'S COMMUNICATIONS WITH YOU

302278259.2 Kia offers you the opportunity to opt-out from receiving information and/or promotional email or mail from Kia about our products and services. You may log into the Kia Connect Portal and modify your notification settings. For email, you may opt-out at any time by using the unsubscribe mechanism within the email. The unsubscribe mechanism allows you to manage your subscription preferences to email alerts and special offers. Notwithstanding the above, this mechanism does not allow you to opt-out of receiving transactional email, such as registration confirmation, vehicle updates and responses to direct requests. For calls or direct mail, you may opt out by calling 1-877-542-2886. You also may write to us directly if you wish to: (i) ask that we not share your Information with third parties for marketing purposes; or (ii) opt out or request that we cease sending you promotional or other information via calls, mail or email. Such written requests should be sent to our address below. If you have opted out of receiving future emails from us, we will implement your opt-out request within ten (10) business days of receiving the opt-out request. If you have opted out of receiving future promotional materials by regular mail, we will implement your opt-out request within a commercially reasonable time. 11. OTHER PRIVACY POLICIES AND THIRD PARTY PRODUCTS AND SERVICES Kia Website Privacy Policy: This Privacy Policy applies only to your Information. We also operate the kia.ca and related websites, which collect other types of information. We use a separate privacy policy to explain our privacy practices related to those websites or the information collected by those websites. Third Party Products and Services: Third parties, including Bell Canada, that provide wireless voice and data services that are used as part of the Kia Connect Services or Digital Features, or the Kia Connect System or the Digital Feature System, also have their own privacy policy, separate from this Privacy Policy. Please refer to those privacy policies for information about your Information that may be collected, used and shared. The Bell Canada privacy policy is available < http://support.bell.ca/Billing-and- Accounts/Security_and_privacy/How_does_Bell_respect_my_privacy >. As a convenience to you, we may offer the ability to use certain third party products and services, such as your mobile phone and mobile applications with your Vehicle. For example, these third party products and services may include data services through your mobile phone carrier, Android Auto and Apple® CarPlay. These third party products and services are not owned or controlled by Kia and we are not responsible for the privacy practices of the third parties that provide such products and services or the terms and conditions

302278259.2 under which they offer such products. You use such third party products and services at your own risk. If you choose to use such third party products and services, we strongly encourage you to read the privacy policies and terms and conditions of such third parties to make sure they are acceptable to you. Our use of information received from Google APIs in relation to the Kia Connect Services and Digital Features will adhere to the Google API Services User Data Policy , including the Limited Use requirements set out therein. 12. EFFECTIVE DATE AND CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY The effective date of this Privacy Policy is set forth at the top of this page. We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time by posting the changes here so please come back and review this Privacy Policy regularly. We will take reasonable steps to alert you prior to changing the collection, use or sharing practices associated with your Information and, if required by law, obtain your consent to such changes. 13. HOW TO CONTACT US Please email us at consumer@kia.ca , call us at 1-877-542-2886, or write to us at Kia Canada Inc., 180 Foster Crescent, Mississauga, Ontario, L5R 4J5 (where your file will be kept) if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy.