1 / 4 PRIVACY POLICY At Hyundai Motor India Limited ("HMIL", "we", "us" or "our"), we respect and recognise the importance of your privacy and security and appreciate that your personal information is very important. In order to provide you with a personalized experience of Bluelink that delivers the information, resources and service that are most relevant and helpful to you, we may collect information during your visits to the Site. In order to demonstrate our commitment to your privacy, we have prepared this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy explains what information of yours is collected, sets out key information regarding our collection, use, process, disclosure and storage of your personal information, how and when we might use your information, how we protect your information, and of your ability to access and correct it. In order to fully understand your rights, we encourage you to read this Privacy Policy. 1. What information does HMIL gather /track and holds about you? HMIL collects from or about you or your personally identifiable Information, Vehicle Information, Demographic Information or Behavioural/Usage Information as detailed below (hereinafter collectively “Information”) and holds, depends on the circumstances in which the information is collected. a. We may collect information about your contact details (including your name, date of birth, address, email address, phone, mobile numbers and social media handles) and demographic information about your age, gender and occupation. b. We may require other information from you, such as a copy of your driver's license if you participate in a test drive or your financial information if you are seeking or obtain finance for the purchase of a HMIL vehicle. c. We may collect information about your HMIL vehicle, including its number plate and vehicle identification number (VIN). d. We may also collect answers you provide to questions we ask and other information relating to your dealings with HMIL or HMIL dealers. e. If you register/use our Application, we may also collect information (some of which may be personal information about you), including: i. the number of trips and distances that you have driven; ii. the location of your vehicle, including historical locations; iii. Vehicle diagnostic information, such as tyre pressure, amount of fuel in the tank and eng ine information etc.; iv. vehicle driving information, such as speed, mileage, braking and acceleration informatio n etc.; and v. mobile phone information such as number, model, operating system and personal locati on data where you have activated location services on your mobile device. f. If you request or receive roadside assistance services, we may collect information about where (e.g, location) and when (viz., date, time) you requested roadside assistance services and the assistance service that is required. g. Upon your visit to/usage of our Application our host may record your server IP address, domain name, the date and time of your visit and the pages viewed etc. This information may be collected using cookies. User preferences are stored in cookies, which track user trends and patterns of use, and allow our Application to interact more efficiently with you. h. If your vehicle comes equipped with voice-recognition and content delivery services (e.g. the ability for you to issue voice commands to your vehicle), we (ourselves or through a third party provider) may collect your voice and text queries associated with your voice commands, as well as the voices of those around you in the vehicle when you are providing such commands or when they issue commands themselves (“Voice Data”). i. In addition to the types of information identified above, HMIL may collect personal information as otherwise permitted or required by law.

2 / 4 2. What does HMIL do with the information? The purposes for which we collect, hold, use and disclose your information will depend on the circumstances for which we collect it. In general, we may use and disclose your information for the purposes for which we collect it and related purposes which you would reasonably expect and as otherwise authorised or required by law. Specific purposes for which we may collect, hold, use and disclose information include: a. to send you information or contact you when necessary. b. we collect your personal information so that we can do business together and for reasons related to our business operations, such as to ensure we deliver quality products and services to our customers and potential customers; c. to send you offers or invite you to events which we think could be of interest to you. d. we may contact you in your Vehicle or Email, or by telephone at any number we have on file for you, and, in some circumstances, by prerecorded message, even if doing so may result in additional telecommunications fees or charges to you, to discuss your account, offer unsolicited promotions, or to deliver services e. to enable our third party providers, particularly for Voice Data, to provide relevant responses to your commands, or for these third party providers to improve their Voice Services and other products; f. to provide you and our authorised HMIL dealers with necessary support; g. to attend to or assist in the servicing, maintenance or repair of your HMIL vehicle, including the provision of roadside assistance services h. for product development, market research, and other marketing and promotional activities; i. to carry out our legal compliance obligations, such as to conduct a product safety recall where necessary; j. to provide you with notifications and information about your HMIL Vehicle; k. to inform you of a field service action affecting your HMIL Vehicle; l. to send you service reminders; m. to contact you directly or through our service providers and research agencies, to obtain your feedback and find out your level of satisfaction with our products, services and our authorised HMIL dealers; HMIL records the basic information about your visits to its Application usage, for systems administration, statistical and troubleshooting purposes. We use your IP address to help diagnose problem with our server and to administer our website/Application. To provide the Service and for quality assurance and training purposes, the Service Providers may monitor and record conversations between their respective service centers and you and your Vehicle’s occupants or others. You, on behalf of yourself, all occupants of your vehicle, and anyone engaged in a conversation with a Service Provider about your Vehicle or your Account, consent to monitoring, recording and sharing of Call recordings of all conversations between the Service Centers and you or others and you release HMIL and its Service Providers from and against any and all claims, liabilities, losses etc. arising out of such monitoring, recording or sharing/disclosure of conversations. 3. Consequences if you don’t provide your information? If we are unable to collect information we require, we may not be able to provide the services (some of which may be provided by Service Providers) that you are looking for through the Application. 4. With whom does HMIL share the information?

3 / 4 HMIL does not sell or rent your information to any third parties. Generally, HMIL as it deems appropriate, may disclose/share your information to third parties viz., affiliates, auditors, authorized dealers, third party, legal advisers and marketing partners etc. contracted to provide services on our behalf in connection with the purposes described in this Privacy Policy. This may include: a. HMIL and our authorised dealers share information about HMIL customers, so we may disclose your information to our authorised dealers and vice versa. b. our employees, officers, contractors, service providers and agents (such as marketing agencies, market research providers, roadside assistance service providers, insurance providers, financiers, website and data hosting providers and other IT suppliers); c. our related and affiliated companies; d. our authorised dealers and technology service providers in connection with the operation of the service. e. insurance providers in order for them to provide tailored insurance policies to you; f. third parties that require the information for law enforcement or to prevent a serious threat to public safety; and as otherwise permitted or required by law. Your provision to us, our authorised dealers, or agents of your information will constitute your consent for us to disclose this information as described in this Privacy Policy. 5. How HMIL protects your information? Your account information is password-protected and HMIL has taken adequate security measures to secure access to your personal data. The privacy and protection of your information is vitally important to us. All information accumulated will be acquired, processed, and used according to the applicable regulations governing the protection of information for the sole purpose of managing and maintaining HMIL’s own legitimate business interests. Any user statistics that we may provide to prospective advertisers or partners regarding your Application usage are provided in the aggregate only and do not include any personally identifiable information about any individual user. Despite our efforts to protect your personally identifiable information through security procedures commensurate with industry standards, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any identifiable information you transmit to us. You transmit all such information at your own risk. We exclude all liability (including in negligence) for the consequences of any unauthorised access to, disclosure of, misuse of or loss or corruption of your personal information. 6. Third party websites Our Application may contain links to Applications/websites owned or operated by HMIL and/or third parties, including owned or operated by third party service providers affiliated with HMIL. We take no responsibility for the privacy practices or content of other Applications/websites, which are not under the control of HMIL. Other Applications/websites may contain their own privacy policies and their owners or operators are responsible for informing you about their security and privacy practices. We recommend that you thoroughly read the privacy policies of these third party applications/websites. If you post information in our Application or to our social media channels, you acknowledge that such information may be publicly available. We recommend that you use your discretion in deciding what information you upload to such websites. 7. General You hereby expressly consents and authorises on behalf of yourself and occupants and anyone engaged in a conversation in your Vehicle with us or our Service Providers, HMIL and Service Providers, to collect, store, retain, disclose, record or transfer the information (including conversations/audio recordings) and use of Voice Recognition technology that voluntarily supplied herein and process and use it by HMIL or its affiliates, associates, Dealers, Agencies, etc. to fulfil your requests for products, services, etc. and to contact you through outbound call by Telephone/

4 / 4 Mobile Numbers or send SMS or Email about offers, marketing and/or promotions, product related information, newsletter, market survey, poll, research, study, programs, enquiries about offerings, services, service reminders and other legitimate purposes and release HMIL from and against any and all claims or liabilities arising out of the collection, disclosure, storage and use of the information 8. Changes to the Privacy Policy HMIL reserves the right at any time at our discretion and without notice to change this Privacy Policy simply by posting such change on the Application. Continued usage of the Application following changes to these terms will mean that you accept these changes. Please check our Privacy Policy regularly for updates. 9. Access & Correction You have the choice to opt-in/opt-out of sending via an embedded telecommunication or collecting and sending your Vehicle’s diagnostic, location and trip log information or not to use Application or Service. You may seek access to your information and we will provide you with access in accordance with the Application. We may require that you provide suitable identification for security purposes before allowing you to access your information. Access to your information may be refused in a number of circumstances, such as where the information relates to anticipated legal proceedings or the request for access is frivolous or vexatious. We rely on accuracy of information as provided to us both directly (from you) and indirectly. Therefore, it is very important that the information we hold about you is accurate, complete and up to date. If you become aware that any information which we hold about you is incorrect, incomplete, misleading, irrelevant or not up to date, please contact us using our details below to correct or update your information. 10. Grievances If You have any grievances, please inform us, by writing an email or send letter to HMIL’s Sales & Marketing Head Quarters. © 2019 Hyundai Motor India Ltd. All rights reserved.