Skip to Content

Genesis Home

Skip to Main Navigation

PRIVACY NOTICE

PRIVACY PORTAL

PRIVACY NOTICE

VEHICLE TECHNOLOGIES AND SERVICES

YOUR PRIVACY CHOICES

MYGENESIS PRIVACY

GENESIS MOTOR AMERICA PRIVACY NOTICE

Last Updated: January 1, 2026

Genesis Motor America and its parent company and affiliates (“Genesis,” “we,” “us” or “our”) are committed to privacy and transparency. This Genesis Motor America Privacy Notice (the “Notice”) describes how we collect, use, disclose and otherwise process the personal information described in this Notice, as well as the rights and choices individuals have regarding such personal information.

We provide additional information and choices for residents of certain U.S. states. Please see our section on “Additional Privacy Disclosures for Applicable State Residents” for more information. If you are a California resident, please review our section on “Additional Privacy Disclosures of California Residents” for additional information about our information practices and your California privacy rights as required by California privacy law, including your right to opt out of sales of personal information.

You can use the links below to go directly to a particular section of our Notice

Scope

Personal Information We Collect
Use of Personal Information
Disclosure of Personal Information
Cookies and Other Similar Tracking Technologies
Other Sites and Interactive Features
Sweepstakes, Contests and Promotions
Your Rights and Choices
Additional Privacy Disclosures for Applicable State Residents
Additional Privacy Disclosures for California Residents
Security
Users Outside the U.S.
Children's Privacy
Changes to this Notice
How to Contact Us

Scope

This Notice applies to our collection, use and disclosure of personal information related to:

Our websites (each a “Site”), online services and mobile applications (each an “App”) that link to or display this Notice and our Vehicle Technology and Services (as defined and further described here), as well as the services that Genesis makes available to through these (collectively, the “Services”)
Current and former U.S. owner(s) of Genesis vehicles, and Genesis Connected Services subscribers and registered users
Purchasers and prospective purchasers of Genesis vehicles, products and services and other individuals who receive our marketing and promotional communications
Registrants and participants in contests, promotions and surveys that we conduct or sponsor
Individuals that contact us or otherwise interact with us related to our vehicles, Services, or business operations

This Notice is intended to describe our overall privacy practices with regard to the personal information subject to this Notice. Our actual collection, use, disclosure and processing of personal information about individuals will vary depending upon the circumstances.

Additional Privacy Notices and Terms

We may also provide additional privacy notices that apply to specific services and supplement this Notice, including the following, which are incorporated here by reference into this Notice:

Genesis Vehicle Technologies and Services Privacy Notice, which applies to and provides additional information about our collection, use and disclosure of personal information related to our vehicle technologies and services.

This additional notice is intended to supplement the information in this Notice and to provide additional details about our information practices for specific services.
In addition, we may offer sweepstakes, contests, special events, incentives and other promotional events and activities (“Programs”). If there is a conflict between the Program terms and this Notice, the Program terms will govern with regard to the personal information collected related to the Program.

Not Covered by this Notice

This Notice does not apply to the collection, use and disclosure of personal information by independently owned and operated Genesis Retailer or businesses.

In addition, this Notice does not apply to the personal information that we collect about (i) job applicants and candidates, (ii) employees, independent contractors and other workers or (iii) owners and personnel of Genesis retailers.

Personal Information We Collect

We and our vendors may collect personal information about you based on your interactions with us, our Services you use and your choices. We and our vendors may obtain personal information from the following sources: directly from you, automatically through tracking technologies and from our vendors and partners (such as social networks, platform providers, data providers and operators of certain services that we use).

The personal information we collect about you varies depending on the nature of your interactions with us and may not include all of the examples listed below.

Information Collected Directly From You

We and our vendors may collect personal information when you engage with us, such as when buying a vehicle, registering for our Service or creating an account, requesting information from us or making part or service requests; participating in promotional activities, such as surveys, sweepstakes, contests or special events; or when you contact us or otherwise voluntarily provide personal information to us. This personal information may include:

Contact information: depending on the nature of your interaction with us, we may collect personal or business information such as name, email address, postal address and phone number.
Account, registration and subscriptions: when you register for Genesis Connected Services, create a MyGenesis account or otherwise activate, subscribe to or register for our Services, you provide us with an email address, password and other account authentication information (such as answers to security questions).
Vehicle data: we collect personal information such as VIN and associated vehicle data, date of purchase, subscription details and history.
Preferences: you may indicate preferences such as your preferred communication method, language, time zone and retailers. When you use the vehicle shopping tools on our Sites, you indicate through your browsing and searches the kinds of vehicles, features and options you may be interested in.
Survey responses: if you respond to surveys or similar requests that we send or administer, we may collect your personal information that you include in your survey responses. You may also volunteer information, such as your age and gender.
Communications and requests: we collect and maintain a record of your communications, customer service requests, website chats, social media posts, likes or messages.

Information Automatically Collected or Derived

When you use our online Services, we and our vendors may also derive or automatically collect information including personal information related to you. This may include:

Cookie Information: as further described in the section “Cookies and Other Similar Tracking Technologies,” we or our vendors may process data collected via cookies, pixels, tags, trackers and web beacons, web analytics and log files and other similar tracking technologies (collectively, “Cookies”).
Vehicle Technologies and Services: as further described in the Vehicle Technologies and Services Privacy Notice, we collect and derive personal information through our Vehicle Technologies and Services, including information about you and your vehicle, as well as any secondary subscriber also registered within a MyGenesis account, such as vehicle usage and performance data, driving data, geolocation data, settings and presets, and features and services accessed and used (including third party provided), and other information related to your use of our Vehicle Technologies and Services.
Browsing and usage data: if you interact with us online, we or our vendors may collect or derive information about you, such as your IP address, device and browser information (including device IDs, browser types and mobile network), unique identifiers and activity and usage data (including links clicked, pages viewed and other activity information).
Location information: if you interact with us online, we may derive your location from your IP address or (with your permission) your mobile device.
Audiovisual information: if you visit a physical Genesis location, we may use video and other security monitoring to secure our premises, which may lead to the collection of personal information about visitors to our premises. If you call or contact us, we may also maintain call records for quality, training and support purposes.

Other Sources of Information

In addition to the personal information listed in the sections “Information Collected Directly From You” and “Information Automatically Collected or Derived,” Genesis may also obtain personal information about you from other sources, such as:

Vehicle sales records and other public sources, data providers we work with to update and enhance our customer records and other parties that provide us with leads including lists of potential vehicle purchasers.
Affiliates and partners, including providers of certain Vehicle and Technology Services, such as satellite radio and roadside assistance providers and platform providers.
Genesis retailers (which are all independently owned and operated) who may provide us with purchase data and information about services and repairs, warranty claims, and customer support as well as data about prospective buyers.
If you post information about us or engage with us or our content on social media and other third-party platforms, we may obtain personal information about you from that third-party platform. These third-party platforms and services control how your personal information is collected, disclosed and displayed through their respective platforms.

Use of Personal Information

The purposes for which we may process personal information will vary depending upon the circumstances in which we interact with you. However, in general Genesis uses and otherwise processes personal information as set forth below or as otherwise directed or authorized by you:

Providing our Services: to provide and maintain our Services; to authenticate users; to perform technical operations, such as updating software; to respond to your requests; to administer events that you participate in to provide technical support; and for other customer service and support purposes.
Communicating with you: to communicate with you about our Services, including your vehicle, and to send you notices and alerts, such as to conduct surveys and respond to your requests.
Safety, recall and warranty: for safety, recall and warranty purposes, such as to send recall notices, process recall and warranty claims and for other purposes related to vehicle safety.
Analyzing and improving our Services and offerings: to better understand how you access and use our Services and participate in our events or interact with us; for research and analytical purposes, such as to evaluate and improve our Services and business operations; to develop new features, products or services; for quality and training purposes; and to otherwise improve our Services and your experiences.
Personalizing content and experiences: to tailor content we send or display on or related to our Services; to offer location customization and personalized help and instructions; to otherwise personalize your experiences; to reach you with more relevant ads; and to measure and improve our ad campaigns.
Marketing and promotional purposes: to send you newsletters, offers or other information we think may interest you; to contact you about our products, services or information we think may interest you; to administer promotions and contests; and to promote other Services we offer.
In support of our general business operations: to perform general business operations, accounting, record keeping and legal functions, including to analyze operational and business results and risks; to collect outstanding amounts owed; to maintain business records.
Planning and implementing business transactions: to plan and implement an actual or contemplated merger, acquisition, financing, sale, bankruptcy or restructuring of all or part of our business or assets.
Securing and protecting our rights: to protect our business operations, secure our network and information technology, assets and Services; to prevent and detect fraud, unauthorized activities, access and other misconduct; to investigate, prevent or take action regarding suspected violations of our Terms of Use, Connected Services Terms and Conditions and other agreements with you, as well as fraud, illegal activities and other situations involving potential threats to the rights or safety of any person or other party.
Complying with legal requests and obligations: to comply with the law or legal proceedings in response to subpoenas, court orders, warrants or other lawful requests including responding to national security or law enforcement.

Disclosure of Personal Information

Generally, we may use, disclose and process personal information where reasonably necessary to provide and improve our Services, to reach you with more relevant information and offers, to support recall, warranty and safety purposes, to provide you with information about other offers you may be interested in, to honor your requests or authorization and to achieve the purposes described above, under the section “Use of Personal Information.” In accordance with these purposes, personal information may be disclosed to:

Affiliates and subsidiaries: we may disclose your personal information with Hyundai Motor Company, our parent company headquartered in South Korea and our subsidiaries. Genesis may also disclose your personal information with our finance affiliate Hyundai Capital America and our R&D affiliate Hyundai America Technical Center, Inc., both located in the United States.
Vendors and service providers: we may disclose personal information to our vendors, service providers, suppliers, contractors or agents who process such data in order to provide services to us or to perform functions on our behalf.
Business partners: some of our Services are provided or supported by our business partners who may collect and receive personal information about you as part of their provision of the particular feature, service or application such as cellular data carriers, navigation and traffic services, satellite radio services and emergency services. In addition, some of our Services may enable you to make purchases from other businesses. Any time you order from another business through our Services, that business will collect your personal information as part of your order. The use of your personal information by these businesses will be subject to their respective privacy policies and terms and these businesses may contact you directly for promotional and transactional purposes.
Retailers: we may disclose personal information about you when you use our Services. We may also disclose personal information about vehicle owners and prospective owners with our authorized retailers, who may contact you directly for customer satisfaction, marketing and similar purposes.
Marketing and advertising partners: we may also make certain personal information available to our vendors (such as analytics providers and advertising companies) that support our marketing, analytics, advertising and campaign management (see the section “Cookies and Other Similar Tracking Technologies” below for more information). We may also make available certain third-party offers that we think may interest you. If you click or otherwise choose to take advantage of a third-party offer, we may disclose personal information with that third party to facilitate your interaction with them.
Promotional programs: we may invite you to participate in Programs, which are oftentimes co-sponsored or marketed with our business partners. If you interact directly with, or indicate your interest in receiving information or communications directly from, a third party as part of a Program, your personal information may be disclosed with that third party, who will use it in accordance with their respective privacy notice. Please review the Program terms and conditions before you provide us (or our business partners) with any personal information.
Public postings: if you voluntarily disclose personal information online in any publicly-viewable post, that information can be collected and used by others. Accordingly, you should use caution when disclosing any personal information or other sensitive information with others in any community area.
Business transfers: we may disclose and transfer personal information as part of any actual or contemplated merger, acquisition, financing, sale, bankruptcy or restructuring of all or part our business or assets, including during negotiations and due diligence related to such business transactions.
Protecting rights and interests: we may disclose personal information to protect or defend the safety, rights, property or security of Genesis, other parties or the general public, including to protect our Services, to detect, prevent or otherwise address fraud, security, technical issues or other activity which we, in our sole discretion, consider to be, or to pose a risk of being, illegal, unethical or legally actionable activity. We may also use personal information as evidence in litigation in which we are involved and as necessary to enforce this Notice, our Terms of Use, Connected Services Terms and Conditions and other applicable agreements with you.
Legal compliance and lawful requests: we may disclose personal information to comply with the law or legal proceedings pursuant to applicable statutes and regulations in response to subpoenas, judicially signed court orders, search warrants and other lawful requests including responding to national security or law enforcement.

In limited circumstances, we may collect, use and disclose vehicle location data, regardless of location data settings, to protect Genesis’ rights or property (including repossession in cases of delinquency), comply with applicable law, respond to valid legal processes (such as requests from law enforcement or government agencies), or, in exigent circumstances, help prevent loss of life, serious injury, or protect the safety of Genesis personnel, vehicle users, visitors, or the public.

We may also process aggregate and deidentified data related to our business and our Services for quality control, analytics, research, development and other purposes. Where we process deidentified data (data that is no longer reasonably linked or linkable to an identified or identifiable natural person, household or personal device), we will maintain and use the information in deidentified form and not to attempt to reidentify the information, except as permitted by applicable privacy laws (such as to confirm whether our de-identification processes are reasonable and adequate).

Cookies and Other Similar Tracking Technologies

We and our vendors use cookies, web beacons, pixels, tags and other similar technologies (collectively, “Cookies”) to collect information when you interact with our online Services. These Cookies may collect information about your usage and activities (such as your IP address and device identifier, the browser you are using, length and time of visit and pages visited), geolocation data (to deliver content based on your location) and details about how you interact with our Sites (including clicks, cursor movement, scrolls and keystroke activity).

This data is used by us and our vendors for various purposes, including to: operate, enable and improve our online Services; analyze usage and performance; track bugs and errors; verify account credentials and enable logins; track sessions; prevent fraud and protect and secure our online Services; personalize and improve your experiences; improve and measure our advertising campaigns; and provide you with more relevant content, ads and offers within our online Services and on third-party websites and services.

Interest-Based Advertising

Many advertising and analytics providers belong to industry groups that let you easily opt out of targeted ads, such as the Digital Advertising Alliance (“DAA”). You can opt out through the DAA by visiting aboutads.info/choices.

Third-Party Tools

We may use third-party tools (such as Google Analytics⁠⁠, Hotjar and the Meta Pixel) to understand and analyze how visitors interact with and experience our online Services, including the features you engage with, how you navigate, page views, how much time is spent on a page, clicks/touches, mouse movements, scrolls and keystroke activities. We have implemented Google Analytics Advertising Features, such as remarketing with analytics, interest-based advertising and impression reporting. For more information on how Google Analytics uses data, visit support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245. To opt out of aggregation and analysis of data collected by Google Analytics, please visit tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.

You may manage certain Cookies by selecting the “Cookie Settings” link located in the footer of our Sites, where you can review and adjust your Cookie preferences. Please note that these settings are specific to each website and browser; therefore, you must configure your preferences individually for each Site you visit. Additionally, if you access a Site from a different device or browser, you will need to set your preferences accordingly.

Additionally, you can manage certain preferences through the following tools:

Facebook Custom Audiences: You may opt out of Facebook Custom Audiences by logging into your Facebook account and changing your privacy or advertising settings.
Google: To adjust your Google advertising settings, visit myadcenter.google.com.
Microsoft Advertising: For information on how Microsoft collects or receives personal information to provide a service through Microsoft Advertising, visit microsoft.com/en-us/privacy/privacystatement.
TikTok: For more information on how TikTok collects or receives personal information through Cookies, visit tiktok.com/legal/page/us/privacy-policy/en.
Yahoo: We have contracted with Yahoo to monitor certain pages of our Sites for the purpose of reporting web traffic, statistics, advertisement “click-throughs,” and/or other activities on our Sites. Yahoo may use Cookies to compile statistics about visitors to our Sites. You may opt out from Yahoo’s collection of such information outside of the Yahoo distribution network, by visiting legal.yahoo.com/us/en/yahoo/privacy/index.html.
YouTube: YouTube API Services may collect, store, use, process and disclose personal information, including from your devices, as described in this Notice and to serve content. You can revoke access to your personal information collected and processed through the YouTube API Services using Google’s security settings at security.google.com/settings/security/permissions.
Browser Opt Outs: Web browsers have varying default settings for accepting Cookies. You can access your browser settings to learn more about Cookie management, including deleting and rejecting Cookies. Choosing to delete or reject Cookies may impact certain features or services available on our Sites. Additionally, removing Cookies may result in the loss of settings and preferences, including advertising preferences, which may need to be reestablished.
Do Not Track: Certain web browsers have “Do Not Track” features, which allow users to send signals to websites indicating their preference not to be tracked. Our Sites do not support Do Not Track at this time. Other tools are available for managing data collection and usage, such as the Cookie controls and advertising controls mentioned above. For more information about Do Not Track, visit donottrack.us⁠⁠.
Apple and Android: Mobile devices create advertising IDs for app tracking, similar to Cookies on websites. Users can limit tracking or reset these IDs via their device settings.

We are not responsible for the effectiveness of, or compliance with, external-parties’ opt-out options or programs or the accuracy of their statements regarding their programs.

Other Sites and Interactive Features

Our Services may contain links to websites, services, and resources that we do not own or operate (“Other Sites”). We are not responsible for the privacy practices, content or policies of Other Sites. Please review any privacy and information practices of Other Sites before providing any personal information to Other Sites.

We may also engage vendors to provide interactive features on our Services. Your use of these interactive features is voluntary, and we may retain the personal information that you submit through these features. For example, we may offer an interactive chat feature to answer questions and for other customer service purposes. When you participate in the interactive chat, either with a virtual or live agent, the contents of the chat may be captured and kept as a transcript. Note also that our interactive features may incorporate generative artificial intelligence services, including website chatbot functionality, and our vendors may use various online tools, like Cookies, to collect certain information about you and your use of our chatbot. By using these features, you understand that our vendors may process the personal information obtained through the feature to provide the service on our behalf.

Sweepstakes, Contests and Promotions

We may sponsor or offer Programs, online and offline. If you choose to participate in a Program, we may collect personal information, including your name, age, contact information, vehicle of interest or other information. Certain events may be co-branded with one of our partners or run on an external website, such as Facebook. In these instances, the collection of your personal information may occur directly or through an external website.

Your Rights and Choices

We offer several ways for you to exercise choices related to your personal information.

Accessing and Updating Your Account Information. If you register for an account to use our Services, you can access and update certain information we have relating to your account within your account settings. For Genesis Connected Services, this can be done on the My Account page of MyGenesis.com.

Opting Out of Certain Communications. Genesis offers you the opportunity to opt out from marketing communications from Genesis, and to opt out of certain disclosures of personal information to third parties.

You may opt out of marketing emails or manage your subscription preferences for emails from us at any time by using the unsubscribe mechanism within any marketing email we send to you. Even if you opt out, we may still send you non-commercial emails, such as registration confirmation, vehicle updates and responses to direct requests.
If you opted in to receive text messages from us, you may opt out at any time by replying STOP or any other reasonable to any of our texts.

Cookies and Targeted Advertising. You can manage your Cookie preferences by clicking the “Cookie Preferences” link in the footer of the Sites.

Additional Privacy Disclosures for Applicable State Residents

This section supplements the Genesis Motor America Privacy Notice above and applies to residents of Colorado, Connecticut, Delaware, Indiana, Iowa, Kentucky, Maryland, Minnesota, Montana, Nebraska, New Hampshire, New Jersey, Oregon, Rhode Island, Tennessee, Texas, Utah and Virginia (the “Applicable States”). California residents should review our section titled “Additional Privacy Disclosures for California Residents.”

This section describes our collection, use and disclosure of “Personal Data” (as defined under applicable law, to the extent the law applies to you). References to personal information in the Genesis Motor America Privacy Notice above also describe our practices regarding Personal Data in this section. Other capitalized terms in this section have the same meaning as the matching terms as defined under applicable law, to the extent the law applies to you.

This section will take precedence over Applicable States’ residents rights under applicable law in the event of a conflict between this section and any other Genesis policy, statement or notice.

Personal Data Collection, Use and Disclosure

We collect the categories of Personal Data described in the chart in the “Additional Privacy Disclosures for California Residents” section. This chart also describes our purposes for collecting, using and disclosing each category of Personal Data. The specific pieces of Personal Data we collect, use and disclose may vary depending on your relationship with us and how you interact with us and may not include all examples listed.

Some of the Personal Data we collect is considered “sensitive” under Applicable State law, such as precise geolocation data. We collect this Personal Data with your consent, if required, for the limited purpose of providing Services you request.

For example, we may collect precise geolocation if your device is connected to your vehicle through Bluetooth, tethering, or if you use certain location-based services through our Genesis Connected Services. You may withdraw your consent to our collection of your precise geolocation through Genesis Connected Services by unenrolling from your MyGenesis account, as described in the “Your Rights and Choices” section.

Additionally, if you enroll in certain Vehicle Technology and Services, such as Digital Key, your fingerprint or facial geometry data, which may be considered biometric identifiers or biometric information under certain laws, may be used to enable access to your vehicle, your profile, Genesis Pay features, and other vehicle services that use biometric credentials. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Notice concerning our data practices or processing of personal information, this section explains our practices with respect to biometric identifiers or biometric information. We only provide biometric features at your request and with your explicit consent.

Your facial geometry and fingerprint data are stored exclusively on your vehicle, are not sent to Genesis or any other parties, and remain on the vehicle until you delete them or reset the system. You may delete your data at any time.

For more information, see our Vehicle Technologies and Services Privacy Notice.

Personal Data Sales and Targeted Advertising

This section describes the categories of Personal Data Sold to Third Parties (other than for Targeted Advertising) or disclosed to Third Parties for Targeted Advertising. We offer you the ability to opt out of these disclosures as set forth in the section “State-Specific Privacy Rights” or by visiting our Your Privacy Choices page in the footer of our Sites.

We may Sell and/or disclose for Targeted Advertising the following categories of Personal Data: Identifiers, Personal Records, Commercial Information, Internet or Other Electronic Network Usage Data, Geolocation Data and Inferences. We may Sell and/or disclose for Targeted Advertising these categories of Personal Data to or with: SIRIUS XM for satellite radio and other entertainment services; advertising and digital analytics companies (see the “Cookies and Other Similar Tracking Technologies” section for more information); social media platforms (such as Facebook for creation of and advertising to custom audiences); joint marketing partners; and retailers.

If you are a resident of Rhode Island and you would like information about the third parties to which we sold or may sell Personal Data, please visit our Personal Information Request Portal⁠ and select “Rhode Island” from the state drop-down.

State-Specific Privacy Rights

Residents of Applicable States may have additional rights under applicable privacy laws, subject to certain limitations and exceptions. These rights may include:

Access: to confirm whether we are processing your Personal Data and to obtain a copy of your Personal Data in a portable and, to the extent technically feasible, readily usable format.
Correction: to request that we correct inaccuracies in your Personal Data.
Deletion: to request deletion of certain Personal Data.
Opt Out Rights: You have the right to opt out of Selling and Targeted Advertising using your Personal Data. You may opt out of Sales or Targeted Advertising via Cookies through an opt out preference signal (such as the Global Privacy Control) or through our Cookie Settings link in the footer of our Sites. Note that if you come back to our Sites from a different device or use a different browser on the same device, you will need to opt out for that browser and device as well. You can also opt out of non-Cookie based Sales and Targeted Advertising by utilizing the options set forth under the “Submitting Privacy Requests” section below.
Right to Appeal: if we decline to act on your request, you may appeal our decision.
Minnesota and Oregon Residents – Third-Party Disclosures: if you live in Minnesota or Oregon, you also have the right to request a list of Third Parties to which we disclosed Personal Data.
Maryland Residents – Categories of Third Parties: if you live in Maryland, you have the right to request a list of the categories of Third Parties to which we disclose Personal Data.
Delaware Residents – Categories of Third Parties: if you live in Delaware, you have the right to request a list of the categories of Third Parties to which we disclose your Personal Data.

Submitting Privacy Requests

You may submit a request to exercise your privacy rights by:

Submitting a request through our Personal Information Request Portal⁠
Contacting us at: (800) 633-5151 (toll free)

We will take steps to verify your request and will process your request by matching the personal information provided in your request with the personal information we have in our records. Depending on your state of residency, you may be able to use an authorized agent (a person or entity acting on your behalf) to submit a request to opt out of Sales and Targeted Advertising. We will only act on such a request if we can authenticate, with commercially reasonable effort, both your identity and the authorized agent’s authority to act on your behalf. Authorized agents can use this form to submit a request as an authorized agent.

If you have any questions, you may email us at [email protected].

We will not discriminate against you for exercising your privacy rights.

Additional Privacy Disclosures for California Residents

This section supplements the Genesis Motor America Privacy Notice above and is provided pursuant to the California Consumer Privacy Act, as amended from time to time (“CCPA”).

In the event of a conflict between any other Genesis policy, statement or notice and this section, this section will prevail as to California Consumers’ rights under the CCPA.

This section applies to California Consumers that use our Services or interact with us in an individual or household capacity. Capitalized terms in this section have the same meaning as the matching terms defined in the CCPA.

Unless otherwise noted, the disclosures contained within this section describe our current practices and our practices for the 12 months preceding the “Last Updated” date.

Collection, Use, and Disclosure of Personal Information

Depending on the nature of your interactions with us, we and our vendors may have Collected the categories of Personal Information about you described in the chart below.

Categories of Personal Information Collected

Business Purposes for Collection,
Use, and Disclosure

Identifiers, such as a real name, alias, mailing address, email address, account name, driver’s license number and other government identifiers, or other unique personal identifiers.

Personal records, such as signature and telephone number.

Developing, improving and providing our Services, such as customer support, technical assistance, troubleshooting, vehicle service and maintenance, and for safety, warranty and recall purposes
Understanding your preferences to personalize content and experiences
Supporting retailer operations
Marketing and promotion of our Services through advertising, contests and sponsorships
Protecting and defending our rights or property
Operating our business and complying with legal requirements
Verifying or maintaining the quality or safety of our Services

Characteristics of protected classifications under state or federal law, such as age and gender.

Understanding your preferences to personalize content and experiences
Marketing and promotion of our Services and select partners through advertising, contests and sponsorships

Commercial information, such as records of property, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, vehicle ownership reports, or other purchasing or use histories.

Developing, improving and providing our Services, such as customer support, technical assistance, troubleshooting, vehicle service and maintenance and for safety, warranty and recall purposes
Understanding your preferences to personalize content and experiences
Supporting retailer operations
Marketing and promotion of our Services through advertising, contests and sponsorships
Protecting and defending our rights or property

Internet and electronic network activity information, such as IP address, device ID, browser type, browsing history, clickstream data, search history, access logs and other usage data related to your use of any of our Sites or online Services.

Developing, improving and providing our Services, such as customer support, technical assistance, and troubleshooting
Understanding your preferences to personalize content and experiences
Marketing and promotion of our Services through advertising, contests and sponsorships

Geolocation data, such as information inferred from your IP address and Precise Geolocation information about a particular individual or device if you grant permission through MyGenesis with Genesis Connected Services enabled.

Developing, improving and providing our Services, such as customer support, technical assistance, and troubleshooting
Understanding your preferences to personalize content and experiences
Providing location-based Services
Supporting retailer operations

Sensory information, such as voice commands and other utterances captured when the vehicles voice recognition system is turned on, CCTV footage, photographs, and call recordings and other audio recordings.

Developing, improving and providing our Services, such as customer support, technical assistance, and troubleshooting
Understanding your preferences to personalize content and experiences
Supporting retailer operations

Business-to-business information, such as employer and title.

Developing, improving and providing our Services, such as customer support
Understanding your preferences to personalize content and experiences
Supporting retailer operations
To operate our business and comply with legal requirements

Inferences drawn from any of the Personal Information identified above to create a profile reflecting a resident’s preferences, characteristics, behavior or attitudes.

Understanding your preferences to personalize content and experiences
Marketing and promotion of our Services and select partners through advertising, contests and sponsorships

Some of the Personal Information we Collect is considered “sensitive” under the CCPA, such as driver’s license number, and Precise Geolocation data. We Collect this Personal Information with your consent for the limited purpose of providing Services you request.

For example, we may Collect driver’s license number to allow you to participate in special events and other related Services.

Separately, we may Collect Precise Geolocation if your device is connected to your vehicle through Bluetooth, tethering, or if you use certain location-based services through our Genesis Connected Services. You may withdraw your consent to our collection of your Precise Geolocation through Genesis Connected Services by unenrolling from your MyGenesis account, as described in the “Your Rights and Choices” section.

Please note that fingerprint and facial recognition data, if any is stored locally on your vehicle and is not disclosed externally as further explained above in the “Personal Data Collection, Use and Disclosure” section. You may withdraw consent by deleting your digital keys.

See also the Genesis Vehicle Technologies and Services Privacy Notice for details on how these Services Collect, use, and disclose Personal Information.

We may Deidentify your Personal Information and disclose this Deidentified information to others as permitted by applicable law. Where we Deidentify information or otherwise Process Deidentified information, we will use the data only in Deidentified form and will not attempt to reidentify that information.

Sources of Personal Information

In general, we may Collect Personal Information from the following categories of sources:

Directly from you
From our Services
From our affiliates
From retailers
From Service Providers and suppliers
From business partners
From law enforcement agencies, courts, regulatory agencies and others
Advertising networks and marketing partners
From data analytics providers
From parties to corporate transactions
From publicly-available sources
From data enrichment providers and data brokers

Who We Disclose Personal Information To

As further described in the “Disclosure of Personal Information” section of our Notice, we disclose Personal Information to other parties for the purposes described in the chart above. In accordance with these purposes, Personal Information may be disclosed to:

Our affiliates and subsidiaries
Authorized Genesis retailers
Vendors and agents working on our behalf
Service Providers that provide customer service offerings
Marketing, advertising and analytics providers
Other companies that we work with to offer Services to Consumers

We will also disclose Personal Information when you direct us to do so, or where otherwise necessary to respond to or fulfill your requests or orders.

Sales and Sharing of Personal Information

This section describes the categories of Personal Information Sold to Third Parties (other than Sharing) or Shared with Third Parties for Cross-Context Behavioral Advertising in the preceding 12 months. We offer you the ability to opt out of these disclosures as set forth in the section “Rights of California Residents” or by visiting our Your Privacy Choices page in the footer of our Sites.

We may Sell and/or Share the following categories of Personal Information: Identifiers, Personal Records, Commercial Information, Internet or Other Electronic Network Usage Data, Geolocation Data, and Inferences. We may Sell and/or Share these categories of Personal Information to or with: SIRIUS XM for satellite radio and other entertainment services; advertising and digital analytics companies (see the “Cookies and Other Similar Tracking Technologies” section for more information); social media platforms (such as Facebook for creation of and advertising to custom audiences); joint marketing partners; and retailers.

Retention

We retain your Personal Information described above for as long as necessary for the purposes described in this Notice or as otherwise authorized by law.

This generally means holding each category of Personal Information for as long as one of the following criteria apply:

Whether your Personal Information is reasonably necessary to manage our operations, to manage your relationship with us, or to satisfy another purpose for which we Collected the information;
Whether your Personal Information is reasonably necessary to carry out a disclosed purpose that is reasonably compatible with the context in which the Personal Information was Collected;
Whether the Personal Information is reasonably required to protect or defend our rights or property (which will generally relate to applicable laws that limit actions in a particular case); or
Whether we are otherwise required or permitted to keep your Personal Information by applicable laws or regulations.

Where Personal Information is used for more than one purpose, we may retain it until the purpose with the latest period expires.

Rights of California Residents

California Consumers have the following rights under the CCPA (subject to certain limitations):

Right to Know: You have the right to request that we provide you with the following information:
The specific pieces of Personal Information we have Collected and maintain about you.
The categories of Personal Information we have Collected.
The categories of sources from which we Collect Personal Information.
The Business or Commercial Purpose for Collecting, Selling, or Sharing Personal Information.
The categories of Personal Information we have disclosed about you for a Business Purpose and the categories of recipients to which it was disclosed.
The categories of Personal Information we Sold or Shared about you and the categories of Third Parties to which each category of Personal Information was Sold or Shared.

Right to Correct: You have the right to request correction of inaccurate Personal Information. We may request documentation from you in connection with your request. Upon receipt of a verifiable request to correct inaccurate Personal Information, we will use commercially reasonable efforts to correct the Personal Information. You can also correct certain Personal Information that we maintain about you by logging into your MyGenesis account.
Right to Delete: You have the right to request deletion of your Personal Information, under certain circumstances and subject to certain exceptions.
Opt Out Rights: You have the right to opt out of Selling and Sharing of your Personal Information. You may opt out of Sales or Sharing via Cookies through an opt out preference signal (such as the Global Privacy Control) or through our Cookie Settings link in the footer of our Sites. Note that if you come back to our Sites from a different device or use a different browser on the same device, you will need to opt out for that browser and device as well. You can also opt out of non-Cookie based Sales and Sharing by utilizing the options set forth under “Submitting CCPA Requests” section below.

We do not use or disclose Sensitive Personal Information for purposes to which the right to limit use and disclosure applies under the CCPA.

We will not discriminate against you for exercising your rights under the CCPA.

Submitting CCPA Requests

California Consumers may submit CCPA requests to regarding their Personal Information by submitting a request:

Online at our Personal Information Request Portal⁠⁠
Contacting as at: (800) 633-5151 (toll free)

In some cases, we may request additional information in order to verify your request or where necessary to process your request. If we cannot verify your identity, we will be unable to process your request to know/access, correct or delete. There may be certain circumstances where we cannot process your request. For example, if you request deletion, we may be unable to delete certain Personal Information needed to comply with our legal obligations or other permitted purposes.

Authorized agents may also submit requests to us at our Personal Information Request Portal⁠⁠. Before accepting a request from an agent, we will require that any authorized agents verify their authority to act on your behalf. We may also need you to verify your identity directly with us.

California’s Shine the Light Law

Pursuant to California’s “Shine the Light” law (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.83), California residents may submit a request to opt out of our sharing of their personal information with third parties for the third parties’ own direct marketing use, by submitting a request to “opt of sale of personal information” through our Personal Information Request Portal⁠⁠.

Security

We use reasonable and appropriate safeguards to help protect personal information from unauthorized access, use, disclosure, alternation and destruction. However, the security of information transmitted through the Internet can never be guaranteed regardless of the level of security.

Users Outside the U.S.

Our Services are intended for use and access by U.S. residents only. Genesis does not knowingly collect, process, access or intend to access the personal information of persons residing outside of the U.S., including in Europe and China. If you do not reside in the U.S., you should visit the Genesis-affiliated website that is applicable to your country or region.

Children’s Privacy

We do not knowingly collect or maintain personal information from any person under the age of eighteen (18). No parts of our products or services are directed to or designed to attract anyone under the age of eighteen (18).

Changes to this Notice

Genesis reserves the right to change this Notice at any time. Genesis will use, disclose and otherwise process personal information in accordance with the Notice in effect at the time such information is processed. We will post any changes to this Notice on this page and update the “Last Updated” date at the top of this page. If we make material changes to this Notice, we will provide notice or obtain consent regarding such changes, as may be required by law. We encourage you to check back frequently so that you are always aware of our data practices.

How to Contact Us

Please visit our Contact Us⁠ page.

Vehicle offers

Enter your ZIP code to locate Genesis vehicle offers at your nearest retailer.

Zipcode

Zipcode *

Please use a valid zipcode

Apply zipcode