Privacy Policy

(a) Data controller.
Genesis is a brand marketed by Hyundai Motor España, S.L.U., with registered office at Calle Quintanapalla, 2, 28050 Madrid and Tax ID No. B-85.754.646 (hereinafter, "Genesis"). Hyundai Motor España, S.L.U. is responsible for processing personal data for the purposes indicated below. This clause informs you about how Genesis will use your personal data and your rights under the General Data Protection Regulation ("GDPR").
If you have any questions regarding the processing of your personal data, please contact the Genesis Data Protection Officer at the following address: [email protected]

(b) General information: description of the information contained in the privacy policy.
In this privacy policy, you will find a table identifying the following information for each of the different types of data processing carried out by Genesis:

The purposes of the processing of your personal data, i.e., the reasons why Genesis processes your personal data.
The legal basis that allows Genesis to process your personal data for each of the purposes indicated.
The possible transfer of your data to third parties, as well as the cause and legal basis for such transfer. Furthermore, those responsible for processing at Genesis, i.e., service providers who need to access your personal data in order to perform their duties, may have access to your personal data. The table below specifically indicates the sectors in which Genesis' service providers need to access your personal data.

Please note that you can request further details regarding the recipients of your data by sending an email to [email protected] , indicating the specific processing operation for which you would like information about the recipients.

(c) Detailed information on processing.

(d) Data processing for commercial purposes (applicable, where appropriate, to customers who have purchased or contracted Genesis products or services, as well as former customers or prospects).

Purpose of Processing
Legal Basis
Recipients
Retention Periods
Sending commercial communications to customers, former customers, or prospects. These communications include communications about the brand's products or services, sending welcome packs, invitations to events, or other similar communications.

Consent of the data subjects (Art. 6.1.a) GDPR). If consent has not been given for this purpose, this processing will not be carried out.

The transfer of personal data to the following recipients is envisaged:
· Public authorities such as: the Tax Authorities, State Security Forces, Courts and Tribunals, as appropriate, due to legal obligations (such as the Civil Procedure Act, Criminal Procedure Act, Organic Law on the Judiciary, etc.).
· Dealers in the official Genesis network, and other third parties and collaborators, including other companies in the Hyundai group, on the legal basis of the consent of the interested parties for the sending of commercial communications by these parties.
Likewise, information technology service providers, marketing campaign management and legal advisory services acting as data processors for Genesis may also have access to personal data.

We will retain your personal data for a period of two (2) years from your last interaction with us. Subsequently, and in accordance with Article 32 of the LOPGDD, it will be kept blocked for a period of five (5) years.

Sending of personalized commercial communications based on the personal information collected by Genesis:
o From the forms presented to you;
o From tracking the opening and access to links in commercial communications sent by electronic means;
o From the Genesis products and services requested or contracted.
From the information collected through your browsing of the website via cookies and other tracking technologies (if enabled with your consent).

Consent of the data subjects (Art. 6.1.a) GDPR). If consent has not been given for this purpose, this processing will not be carried out.

The transfer of personal data to the following recipients is envisaged:
· Public authorities such as: the Tax Authorities, State Security Forces and Corps, Courts and Tribunals, as appropriate, on the basis of compliance with legal obligations (such as the Civil Procedure Act, the Criminal Procedure Act, the Organic Law on the Judiciary, etc.).
· Dealers in the official Genesis network, and other third parties and collaborators, including other companies in the Genesis group, on the legal basis of the consent of the interested parties for the sending of personalized commercial communications by these parties.
Likewise, information technology service providers, marketing campaign management and legal advisory services acting as data processors for Genesis may also have access to personal data.

We will retain your personal data for a period of two (2) years from your last interaction with us. Subsequently, and in accordance with Article 32 of the LOPGDD, it will be kept blocked for a period of five (5) years.

Communications with interested parties who contact Genesis via its web forms or other channels.

Legitimate interest of Genesis (Art. 6.1.f) GDPR) in responding to communications or requests received.

Personal data may be transferred to the following recipients:
· Public authorities such as: the Tax Authorities, State Security Forces, Courts and Tribunals, as appropriate, on the basis of compliance with legal obligations (such as the Civil Procedure Act ; Criminal Procedure Act; Organic Law on the Judiciary, etc.).
· If necessary to process your request or application, to dealers in the official Genesis network, on the legal basis of the legitimate interest of Genesis and the relevant dealer in processing the request of the data subject. This transfer will be made to each specific dealer who must respond to these requests in each case.
Likewise, information technology service providers and legal advisors acting as data processors for Genesis may also have access to personal data.

Your personal data will be kept for the period of time required to manage and complete the specific appointment.
After this period, it will be kept blocked, in accordance with Article 32 of the LOPDGDD, for a period of 5 years.

(e) Processing of Genesis customer data in relation to the products or services contracted by customers.

(f) Necessary and up-to-date information.
The fields marked with an asterisk (*) in the forms that may be presented to you are mandatory, and failure to complete any of them may make it impossible to formalize or execute the relationship with Genesis correctly.
The fact that consent is requested in any document does not imply or can be understood as an obligation to give consent. Failure to give your consent will not result in any negative consequences.
In order to ensure that the information provided is always up to date and free of errors, you must notify Genesis as soon as possible of any changes or corrections to your personal data.

(g) Source of the data processed.
Genesis will process the personal data of data subjects:
(h) That they have personally provided through forms or other information collection mechanisms presented to them at any given time, as well as through cookies, if they accept their installation; or
(i) That Genesis receives through the dealerships in its official network. In these cases, please note that the data received by Genesis will generally consist of identification and contact details, vehicle identification data, and data contained in the contracts you sign with the dealership. In any case, you may contact Genesis to request detailed information in this regard by sending an email to the following address: [email protected]

(j) Data retention period.
Your personal data will be retained for the period of time necessary to fulfill each purpose as indicated in the tables above, without being retained beyond what is required in each specific case. Likewise, we inform you that your data will remain blocked for the purpose of dealing with legal, administrative, or tax claims for the periods applicable under the applicable legislation once the initial retention period has expired. The data will then be deleted.

(k) International transfers of personal data.
Your personal data will not be transferred internationally outside the European Economic Area to countries that have not been declared by the European Commission as providing an adequate level of protection. The only transfer envisaged is to the Republic of Korea, on the basis of the adequacy decision approved by the European Commission on December 17, 2021. This transfer is the result of the communication of your data to the Hyundai corporate group company (located in Korea), carried out for the purpose of monitoring business performance, and on the legal basis of the legitimate interest (Art. 6.1.f) GDPR) of Genesis in being able to carry out such monitoring and coordination of business activity.
In any case, if you need more information about these international transfers, you can contact Genesis at the following address: . [email protected]

(l) Rights of the data subject.
We inform you that you may exercise the following rights:
· the right to access your personal data to find out which data is being processed and the processing operations carried out on it;
· the right to rectify any inaccurate personal data;
· the right to erase your personal data, where possible and where this does not affect the proper performance of the relationship with Genesis;
· the right to request the restriction of the processing of your personal data when the accuracy, legality, or necessity of the data processing is in doubt, and in the other cases provided for in the GDPR;
· the right to object to the processing of your personal data, when the legal basis that enables us to process it, as indicated in the table above, is legitimate interest. Genesis will stop processing your data unless it has a compelling legitimate interest or it is necessary for the defense of claims;
· the right to withdraw your consent at any time; and
· right to data portability, when the legal basis that enables us to process your data, as indicated in the table above, is the existence of a contractual relationship or your consent.

To exercise these rights, you must send a written request to [email protected] . The request must be duly signed by you, include your full name and address, and indicate the rights you wish to exercise.
You also have the right to lodge a complaint with the Spanish Data Protection Agency if you consider that there has been a breach of data protection legislation in relation to the processing of your personal data.
We also inform you that through the granular consent system implemented, you can revoke or modify the consents given at any time to adapt them to your preferences.