Privacy Policy.

Your rights under the Data Act.

The EU Data Act, effective as of September 12th 2025, applies to data generated by connected objects (such as our vehicles) and their ancillary services (such as our connected services).
Under the EU Data Act, the seller, rentor or lessor of the vehicle is obliged to provide you with information related to the connected vehicle.
You can find all this required information here: data-rights-en | Hyundai Connected Mobility
In case of any questions regarding your rights under the EU Data Act, please contact Hyundai Connected Mobility GmbH, which is the so-called data holder in the meaning of EU Data Act in Hyundai group in Europe at data-services.support@hyundai-europe.com.

This is the Privacy Policy (‘Policy’) for this website which is run and provided by Hyundai Motor Europe GmbH, Kaiserleipromenade 5, 63067 Offenbach am Main, Germany (we, us and our).
We will only use the personal data gathered through this website as set out in this Policy. Below you will find information on how we use your personal data, for which purposes your personal data is used, with whom it is shared and what control and information rights you have.
1. Data Controller and contacting us or our data protection officer
The responsible data controller for any personal data collected and processed in connection with the use of this website is:
Hyundai Motor Europe GmbH Kaiserleipromenade 5 63067 Offenbach am Main, Germany
Please submit any questions, concerns or comments you have about this Policy or any requests concerning your personal data by email to dataprotection@hyundai-europe.com. Our further contact details are disclosed in the imprint.
The information you provide when contacting us will be processed to handle your request and will be erased when your request was completed. Alternatively, we will restrict the processing of the respective information in accordance with statutory retention requirements, if applicable.
If you wish to contact our data protection officer you can do so via: Hyundai Motor Europe GmbH, c/o Data Protection Officer, Kaiserleipromenade 5, 63067 Offenbach am Main, Germany.
2. Informational use of the website
When you visit our website for informational reasons, i.e. without registering for any of our provided services and without providing us with personal data in any other form, we automatically collect your IP address in order to provide you with our website and to ensure system stability and efficiency and to implement proper safeguards as to the security of our website and services.
The personal data automatically collected is necessary to provide the website, Article 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit. b GDPR as far as this is necessary to operate our website or Article 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit. f GDPR (legitimate interest) with regards to our use of technical information to enhance our systems, make your usage of the websites more convenient or ensure the security of our websites. This is based on our legitimate interest as the data used for these purposes are stored for a limited period and do not allow us to personally identify a user.
Personal data that is collected is deleted automatically after the above mentioned purposes are fulfilled.
3. Contact Form
If you have any questions, we offer you the opportunity to contact us using the form provided on the website. Your name and e-mail address are required in order to process your request and follow up as required. Other information such as vehicle information and further contact details can be provided voluntarily.
The data will be processed for the purpose of contacting us and in accordance with Article 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit. f GDPR as required to follow up on your request in which also our legitimate interest exists which may include the transfer to third parties such as other Hyundai entities as far as this is necessary to follow up on your request (e.g. when it concerns the business of another Hyundai entity).
The personal data collected by us for the use of the contact form will be deleted after your request has been processed.
4. Recipients and Categories of Recipients
Any access to your personal data is restricted to those individuals that have a need to know in order to fulfill their job responsibilities.
We may transfer your personal data for the respective purposes to the recipients and categories of recipients listed below.

Private third parties – Affiliated or unaffiliated private bodies other than us.
Data processors – Certain third parties, whether affiliated or unaffiliated, may receive your personal data to process such data on behalf of us under appropriate instructions as necessary for the respective processing purposes. The data processors will be subject to contractual obligations to implement appropriate technical and organisational security measures to safeguard the personal data, and to process the personal data only as instructed.
Governmental authorities, courts, external advisors, and similar third parties that are public bodies as required or permitted by applicable law.

5. Cross border data transfers
Within the scope of our information sharing activities set out above, your personal data may be transferred to other countries (including countries outside the EEA) which may have different data protection standards than your country of residence. Our servers are located in Korea. We have proper guarantees with the involved third parties in place (e.g. other Hyundai group companies operating the websites on our behalf) to ensure an adequate level of protection for personal data. Please note that data processed in a foreign country may be subject to foreign laws and accessible to foreign governments, courts, law enforcement, and regulatory agencies. However, we will endeavour to take reasonable measures to keep up an adequate level of data protection also when sharing your personal data with such countries.
In the case of a transfer outside of the EEA, this transfer is safeguarded by EU Standard Contractual Clauses.
6. Cookies
What are cookies?
The main purpose of cookies is to make it quicker for users to access the selected services. In addition, cookies make it possible to tailor the services offered by the website, allowing information of interest or potentially of interest to be provided to users depending on their use of the services. A cookie is any kind of file or device that is downloaded to a user’s system for the purpose of storing data that may be updated or retrieved by the company responsible for its installation.
We use cookies on this website, in order to understand how you use our website and to improve your experience. Cookies are text files which are stored on your computer. After you have finished your session and closed your browser many of the text files are deleted (“session cookies”). So-called “persistent cookies” are also stored and these allow us to recognise you during your next visit on our website. Our partner companies are not permitted to collect, process or use personal data stored in the form of cookies on our website. You can prevent cookies being saved on your computer by changing your browser settings. This may result in some functions used by our website being restricted.
Types of Cookies
Depending on the company managing them :

Own cookies: Are those which are sent to the user’s system from a system or domain managed by the editor and from which the service requested by the user is provided.
Third party cookies: Are those which are sent to the user’s system from a system or domain that is not managed by the editor but by another company processing the data obtained through the cookies.

Depending on the period of time that they remain active :

Session cookies: Are those cookies designed for gathering and storing data while the user is using a web page. They are usually used to store information that is only intended for providing the service requested by the user on one single occasion (e.g. a list of purchased products).
Persistent cookies: In this type of cookie the data continues to be stored on the system and may be accessed and processed during a specific period of time by the manager of the cookie, which may range between several minutes and several years.

Depending on their purpose :

Technical cookies: Are those which allow the user to browse a website, platform or application and use the different options or services offered, such as, for example, controlling data traffic and communication, identifying the session, accessing restricted areas, recalling the parts of an order, carrying out the process for purchase of an order, making a request to register for or participate in an event, using security elements during browsing, storing contents for the transmission of videos or sound or sharing contents through social networks.
Analytical cookies: Are those which enable the manager to monitor and analyse the behaviour of the users of the websites to which they are linked. The information collected by means of this type of cookie is used to measure the activity of the websites, applications or platforms and to draw up browsing profiles of the users of such websites, applications and platforms in order to introduce upgrades on the basis of the analysis of the data on the use of the service by users.
Advertising cookies: Are those which enable the most efficient management possible of the advertising space that the editor has included in a website, application or platform from which the requested service is provided on the basis of criteria such as the edited content or the frequency with which the advertisements are shown.
Behavioural advertising cookies: Are those which enable the most efficient management possible of the advertising space that the editor has included in a website, application or platform from which the requested service is provided. These cookies store behavioural information about users obtained through the ongoing observance of their browsing habits, which allows a specific profile to be defined in order to show advertising on the basis of such profile.

The data processed by technical cookies is required for the aforementioned purposes in order to protect our legitimate interests and those of third parties pursuant to Article 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit. f GDPR in order to provide you with our website and to ensure system stability and efficiency and to implement proper safeguards as to the security of our website and services.
The data processed by analytical, advertising and/or behavioural advertising cookies are not strictly necessary for visiting our website. We will only process data by analytical, advertising and/or behavioural advertising cookies if you gave us your prior consent pursuant to Article 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit. a GDPR.
7. Security
We have reasonable state of the art security measures in place to protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of personal data under our control. For example, our security and privacy policies are periodically reviewed and enhanced as necessary and only authorised personnel have access to personal data. Whilst we cannot ensure or guarantee that loss, misuse or alteration of information will never occur, we use all reasonable efforts to prevent it.
8. Data Retention
We strive to keep our processing activities with respect to your personal data as limited as possible. In the absence of specific retention periods set out in this policy, your personal data will be retained only for as long as we need it to fulfil the purpose for which we have collected it and, if applicable, as long as required by statutory retention requirements.
9. Your Rights
Under the legislation applicable to you, you may be entitled to exercise some or all of the following rights:

require (i) information whether your personal data is retained and (ii) access to your personal data retained, including the purposes of the processing, the categories of personal data concerned, and the data recipients as well as potential retention periods;
request rectification, removal or restriction of your personal data, e.g. because (i) it is incomplete or inaccurate, (ii) it is no longer needed for the purposes for which it was collected, or (iii) the consent on which the processing was based has been withdrawn;
refuse to provide and – without impact to data processing activities that have taken place before such withdrawal – withdraw your consent to processing of your personal data at any time;
object, out of grounds relating to your particular situation, that your personal data shall be subject to a processing. In this case, please provide us with information about your particular situation. After the assessment of the facts presented by you we will either stop processing your personal data or present you our compelling legitimate grounds for an ongoing processing; and/or
take legal actions in relation to any potential breach of your rights regarding the processing of your personal data, as well as to lodge complaints before the competent data protection regulators.
require (i) to receive the personal data concerning you, which you have provided to us, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and (ii) to transmit those data to another controller without hindrance from our side; where technically feasible you shall have the right to have the personal data transmitted directly from us to another controller;

You may (i) exercise the rights referred to above or (ii) pose any questions or (iii) make any complaints regarding our data processing by contacting us under the contact details set out below.
10. Changes to the Privacy Policy
This Policy may require an update from time to time – e.g. due to the implementation of new technologies or the introduction of new services. We reserve the right to change or supplement this Policy at any time. We will publish the changes on https://www.hyundai.com/eu.html and/or inform you accordingly (e.g., via email or hard copy letter communication).
11. Privacy Notice: TikTok Business Account
We maintain a TikTok Business Account on the platform of the provider TikTok Information Technologies UK Limited, Kaleidoscope, 4 Lindsey Street, London, EC1A 9HP. (hereinafter referred to as “TikTok”). We present our brand, products, and company in form of videos, memes and many other contents. We also use the functions of TikTok to interact with its users and our visitors, e.g. by actively interacting with them through liking or commenting on content.

Data processing of logged-in users by TikTok on the platform
In addition, content such as stories, videos or posts are regularly published publicly on our TikTok Business Account that are directly addressed to us or concern us (e.g. because Hyundai products are mentioned). TikTok processes this content that is sent to us or published on our TikTok Business Account, so that we can respond accordingly. Depending on the nature of the content, we may respond to it, for example by contacting content creators to help them use our products or by incorporating reviews into the improvement of our products.
When you communicate with us via direct messages, TikTok collects message content and associated metadata (e.g., the time the message was sent, received and/or read, and the participants in the communication). TikTok states in its privacy policy the processing purpose to block spam, detect criminal offences and protect their users.
These data processing activities are carried out by TikTok in its own responsibility as a social media platform provider and/or telecommunication service provider. Also, TikTok processes data in order to improve and manage the platform. The data is also used to personalize advertisements on TikTok and to enable advertisers to display ads to specific target groups, e.g. according to age groups, interests or regions. According to TikTok, data is only processed for advertising and targeting purposes with your consent.
You can find more information, especially about the legal basis, in TikTok's privacy policy. So far that we collect data of interactions and communications on TikTok in our own data processing systems, this is based on our legitimate interests in the context customer relationship management (Art. 6 (1)(f) GDPR) and/or is done for the preparation or fulfilling of our contractual obligations (Art. 6 (1)(b) GDPR).
Data processing for statistics in joint responsibility with TikTok
TikTok provides us with so-called page insights (analytics) for our TikTok Business Account. These insights include statistical evaluations of the use of and interactions with our content (e.g. posts, comments, events, stories, videos, reels, live videos). This is aggregated data and anonymized statistics that allows us to gain insight into how people interact with our TikTok Business Account. Page insights may be based on personal data collected in connection with a visit or interaction of persons on or with our TikTok Business Account and its content, such as demographic data such as age, gender, city/country, device, requests from followers to other TikTok accounts via the "Like" button, region and language settings of users, proportion of men and women, etc. Key figures are generated on the number of people reached, clicks on posts, reactions, comments and shared content, total video views and details on playback behavior.
We are joint controllers with TikTok regarding the processing of personal data to create these statistical analyses and reports as part of the respective TikTok Ads functions. The legal basis for the processing is Art. 6 (1)(f) GDPR. Our legitimate interest is to comply with your requests for information and to organize, facilitate and optimize communication with our users and public communication. If you want to exercise your data subject rights, please contact TikTok via https://www.tiktok.com/legal/report/privacy or us; if the letter, we will forward your request to TikTok according to our contractual obligation.
Data collected and transferred
Furthermore, we would like to point out that TikTok processes personal data when you visit the platform or our TikTok Business Account. This may include

Technical data such as IP address and device information;
Location data;
Profile data and comments entered by you;
Media uploaded by you;
Information about your user behavior, such as likes, clicks, shares, search queries, video views etc.

If you visit our TikTok Business Account or interact with our content, your data may also be processed by sub companies of TikTok in countries outside the European Economic Area (EEA) where the level of data protection is lower than in the European Union (e.g. in the USA, China or Singapore). If personal data is transferred to a third country, TikTok ensures compliance with the GDPR requirements for such data transfers.
Further information
For further information please visit:

TikTok Analytics Joint Controller Addendum, with information about the roles and responsibilities of Hyundai and TikTok as well as the data subject rights: https://www.tiktok.com/legal/page/global/tiktok-analytics-joint-controller-addendum/en;
Information about TikTok Analytics data processing in joint responsibility: https://www.tiktok.com/legal/page/global/information-about-tiktok-analytics/en;
Information about the possibility to opt-out from ads’ personalization: https://support.tiktok.com/en/account-and-privacy/personalized-ads-and-data/personalization-and-data.

Data Processing for other Hyundai Services:
This Privacy Policy only sets out the information for the processing of your personal data when visiting our website. In case we collected your information otherwise (for example when registering with other Hyundai services), information on the processing of your personal data for such services will be provided separately. In any case your above rights as set forth under Section 8 will apply accordingly.
If you have any questions in regard to the processing of your personal data related to other services by us, please contact dataprotection@hyundai-europe.com.